trump-2020-flags-china:Mixture
jason-lewis-dress-code:Mixture
water-filtration-oysters:True
baracco-clintez-trump-star:False
bobby-wilson-shooting:True
bicycle-2000-year-old-temple:Miscaptioned
5-million-bikers-video:False
barack-obama-2005-immigration-quote:True
ginsburg-eisenhowers-term:False
buzz-aldrin-moon-admission:False
fatima-hemminger-air-force:False
wild-dogs-zoo-kill-boy:Outdated
obama-isra-terrorism-funding:True
guy-fieri-wildfires:Mostly True
impeached-president-regain-office:Unproven
demi-lovato-death:False
trump-salary-military-cemeteries:False
11-marines-this-week:Outdated
large-cat-lake-of-the-ozarks:False
facebook-korean-war-photo:False
barack-obama-grocery-tweet:False
racial-slur-business-destroyed:Unproven
starbucks-plastic-straws:False
outback-trump-supporters:False
stone-mountain-implosion-event:False
eating-egg-banana:False
zebra-lion-watering-hole:False
children-expelled-wearing-crucifixes:False
chipotle-gift-card-giveaway:Scam
cicero-treason-quote:Misattributed
twosday-2022:True
iowa-missing-children-summer:Mostly False
korean-war-remains-news-coverage:Mostly False
curved-fingernails-health-problems:Unproven
kennedy-suppose-god-is-black:Misattributed
jfk-jr-trump-unstoppable:False
thomas-jefferson-speech-condemns-free-press:False
ocasio-cortez-medicare-zeros:False
moving-crust-video:Miscaptioned
france-law-children-consent-sex:Mostly False
michigan-school-flag-ban:Outdated
clouds-over-california-wildfires:Miscaptioned
1950s-magazine-ad-colt-cobra:False
russian-than-democrat-shirts:True
pelosi-plastic-straw-guns:False
dwayne-johnson-giveaway:Scam
elizabeth-holtzman-homeland-security-letter:True
defense-ministers-photo:Outdated
raynor-died-expose-clinton:False
najat-vallaud-belkacem-shepherd-morocco-photo:Miscaptioned
keke-challenge-gone-wrong:False
peter-strzok-grew-up-in-iran-cia-operative:Unproven
deputy-praying-scrutiny:Mixture
trump-pedophiles-death-penalty:Mixture
woman-stabs-partner-dance:Unproven
obamas-guevara-shirts:False
california-schools-gay-sex:False
outlive-horse-theft-sentence:False
freon-based-ac-2020:Mixture
tag-acronym-touch-and-go:False
queen-elizabeth-trump-brooch:False
cancer-act-1939:False
barbed-wire-crib:False
alligator-rape-arrest:False
marijuana-alien-dna:False
portland-gallery-trump-knife:True
dollar-general-coupon:False
mandalay-bay-suing-mass-shooting-victims:True
morgue-employee-arrested-pimping:False
missouri-republicans-pass-law-lowering-minimum-wage:True
lenticular-cloud-over-pyramids:False
survive-without-eating-382-days:True
george-soros-1-8-billion-intercepted:False
jet-powered-flight-feet:Mostly True
all-dearborn-churches-close:False
walkaway-campaign-stock-photos:Mixture
skechers-chemical-burns:Unproven
goldberg-pirro-view-spat:False
croatian-president-bikini:False
veterans-food-stamps:Mostly False
treason-impeachment-removal:False
accused-russian-spy-mariia-butina-photographed-oval-office:False
immigrants-dna-tests-pay:Unproven
cave-rescue-trump-meet:False
law-bans-antifa:Mostly False
trump-protocol-queen-elizabeth:Mixture
trump-uk-different-names:Mixture
trump-fire-gay-workers:Mixture
republicans-ban-gays-lesbians-adopting:Outdated
police-13-year-old-girl-beheaded-seeing-grandmother-die:Mixture
trump-suffering-stroke-virus-warning:False
maps-pride-flag:False
george-lopez-trump-hollywood:False
hiv-treatment-funds-immigrants:True
denaturalization-task-force:True
bear-attack-photo:False
lions-kill-poacher-south-africa:True
puerto-rico-shirt-harassment:True
real-trailer-forrest-gump-2:False
putin-obama-tie-pull:False
cars-melting-in-arizona-heat-wave:Miscaptioned
congresswoman-ateesha-nubbins:False
deadly-hr3211-virus-louisville-kentucky:False
new-jersey-couple-explosion:False
potato-butter-diet:Mostly True
detained-children-pledge-of-allegiance:Mixture
longest-lunar-eclipse:True
octopus-fall-sky-china:False
iran-nuclear-deal-citizenship:Unproven
python-swallows-woman-indonesia:True
silent-fireworks:Mixture
democrats-supreme-court-influenced-constitution:False
girls-trump-tshirts-rally:Unproven
children-immigration-court-deportation-attorney:True
obama-trump-child-separation-meme:False
tennis-balls-toxic-dogs:Unproven
photo-women-screaming-vaginas-protest-president:False
golden-state-fence-border-wall:Outdated
17-year-old-astronaut-training:Mixture
electric-slide-written-vibrators:False
huckabee-sanders-red-hen-protest:Mostly False
sugar-free-sugar:False
maxine-waters-subpoena-trump:True
clint-eastwood-leaving-hollywood:False
betsy-devos-america-tweet:False
maxine-waters-illegal-immigrant-supreme-court:False
obama-do-something-about-president:False
anthony-kennedy-resignation-trump:Unproven
priest-france-slaps-baby-baptism:True
mark-twain-quote-fear-media:False
how-four-presidents-celebrated-4th-of-july:False
joel-osteen-sheeps-clothing:False
trump-mouth-musical-instrument:True
gareth-southgate-waistcoat:False
facebook-declaration-of-independence-hate-speech:Mixture
red-hen-located-666-e-washington:False
canadian-border-cellphone-search:Mixture
trump-obama-salary-donations:Mixture
was-biden-refused-service-in-2012:Mixture
did-ceo-harley-davidson-trump-moron:False
babysitter-ceiling-fan:False
bluegill-dangerous-fish:False
vatican-diplomat-child-pornography:Mostly False
trump-protesters-assassinate-republicans:False
one-vaccinated-one-not-smallpox:True
bill-maher-recession-get-rid-trump:True
did-trudeau-say-worse-things-better-men:True
chick-fil-a-crime-legislation:False
iowa-congressman-retweet-white-supremacist:True
lake-kawaguchi-photo:False
audio-detained-children-crying-parents:Correct Attribution
was-cartoonist-fired-for-trump-drawing:Mostly True
hallway-stop-running:Miscaptioned
does-law-family-separation-detention-minors:False
incredibles-2-epilepsy-warning:True
arnim-zola-congress-trump:False
dominos-pizza-paving:True
gun-toting-children-photographed-united-states-border:False
are-children-being-assigned-numbers:False
eva-braun-children-separated:False
did-we-ignore-huge-trafficking-bust:False
was-back-to-future-iv-confirmed:False
are-children-orange-jumpsuits:False
winnie-pooh-actually-girl:Mostly False
justin-trudeaus-eyebrow:Miscaptioned
giant-anaconda-caught-trap:Miscaptioned
70000-pedophile-ring-busted:Mixture
arrest-barbecuing-pedophiles:Mostly False
meghan-harry-royal-robots:False
was-childs-skull-found-alleged-sex-trafficking-bunker:False
are-10000-children-in-u-s-detention-centers:True
was-pope-guilty-trafficking-murder:False
james-doohan-d-day:Mostly True
have-children-fined-lemonade-stands:Mostly True
ronald-reagan-demagogues-trade-war:True
is-courage-cowardly-dog-rebooted:False
did-georgia-lawmaker-nazis-d-day:True
did-roseanne-adopt-african-child:False
barack-obama-pardon-330-criminals-final-week-office:Mostly False
kidney-stones-energy-drinks:Miscaptioned
mcdonalds-robot-cashiers:Mostly False
did-jack-minzey-modern-civil-war:Misattributed
live-jeweled-beetles-as-brooches:True
did-eagles-players-kneel-anthem:Mostly False
los-angeles-gas-price:False
california-laundry-and-shower:Mostly False
ivanka-trumps-line-rebranded-adrienne-vittadini:Mostly False
did-nci-admit-marijuana-kills-cancer:False
pope-francis-muslim-breed:False
tom-brady-say-nba-finals-rigged:False
starbucks-head-of-the-line:False
obama-fbi-connect-dots:Mixture
martha-stewart-pardon-tweet:False
donald-trump-yacht-boarding:Unproven
did-michelle-obama-abc-fire-roseanne:Unproven
nathan-larson-candidate:True
are-rosaries-taken-immigrants-border:Mostly True
zimbabwe-electric-car-no-charging:False
is-state-farm-denying-insurance-gun-owners:Mostly False
did-abcs-vp-programming-cancel-roseanne:False
did-hardware-store-no-gays-allowed-sign:Mostly True
trump-administration-set-legalize-medical-marijuana-50-states:False
is-amazing-wedding-bouquet-catch-real:False
new-zealand-farmer-arrested-selling-sheep:False
is-this-alberto-approaching-pensacola-beach:False
did-lahren-compare-hair-beyonces:False
is-ice-transporting-children-trains:Unproven
school-shooter-video-game:Outdated
melania-trump-plagiarize-memorial-day-tweet-michelle-obama:False
text-target-gift-card:Scam
prison-bus-for-babies:Mostly True
bracelets-immigrants-operation-streamline:Mixture
did-melania-spell-help-tweet:False
tim-tebow-kneel-anthem:False
1475-immigrant-children-missing:True
tommy-robinson-arrest:False
bernie-sanders-sierra-blanca-nuclear-waste:Mostly True
childrens-concentration-camp:Mixture
ar-15-bullet-hole-size-wound:Mixture
starbucks-shatter-proof-windows:False
trump-salute-north-korean-general:True
flight-attendant-redeye-immigrant-children:True
va-hospital-flag-pride:Mixture
stephen-miller-descendant-asylum-seekers-fled-anti-semitic-violence:True
obama-agree-trump-administration-immigration-policies:Mostly False
methodists-jeff-sessions-child-abuse-immigration:True
is-nfls-free-speech-accurately-portrayed:Mixture
did-obama-administration-children-human-traffickers:True
peter-fonda-barron-trump:True
georgia-primary-election-fraud:False
man-sue-mcdonalds-depressed-eating-happy-meal:False
is-trump-putting-children-tent-cities:Mixture
did-al-capone-demand-inquiry-doj:False
armour-garments-flammable:Unproven
school-shootings-us-vs-world:Mostly True
london-knife-crime-muslims:Unproven
did-woman-abandon-son:Miscaptioned
were-ar-15s-used-mass-shooting-aurora:Mostly True
do-rocks-contribute-sea-rise:False
jeff-rothschild-third-world-war:False
will-cosmo-after-dark-show-porn:Mostly False
oklahoma-woman-killed-pack-small-dachshunds:Mostly True
plane-crash-havana-photo:False
is-jet-li-in-frail-health:Unproven
does-restaurant-tattoo-guarantee-food:False
oklahoma-euthanasia-christopher-barnett:Unproven
eddie-murphy-death-hoax:False
child-flipped-by-fountain:Unproven
trump-belgium-climate-agreement:False
will-louisiana-evict-nursing-home-patients:Mixture
wonder-bread-ceo-nra:False
school-shooting-military-deaths:Mixture
cnn-ratings-plunge:False
trump-animals-hitler:Mixture
skiing-ostriches-real:False
nikola-tesla-swimming-instructor:Miscaptioned
president-donald-trump-tweet-mothers-day-fathers:False
german-fuel-protest-image:Miscaptioned
sarah-huckabee-sanders-voted-among-admired-women-united-states:True
did-fisher-price-release-tiny-toker:False
martyrs-fake-death-video:False
woman-say-theme-park-fat-shamed-couldnt-fit-ride:Mostly False
trump-weight-girther-leaked-documents:False
are-people-adopting-pit-bulls-euthanizing:False
is-rep-dingell-gun-confiscation-bill:False
military-spouses-white-house:Miscaptioned
cannibal-diet-zambia-arrest:False
man-carry-horse-snakebite:Miscaptioned
lottery-winner-arrested-dumping-200000-manure-lawn-former-boss:False
brazil-mothers-day-robbery:True
was-sen-john-mccain-a-hanoi-hilton-songbird:False
is-this-asian-giant-hornet:Miscaptioned
blue-bow-trout-real:False
are-penguins-living-island-plastic:False
was-robert-deniro-child-trafficking-ring:Mostly False
toddler-cage-photo:Miscaptioned
is-epa-allowing-asbestos-products:Mostly True
illegals-lining-vote-battsville-arizona:False
anthony-bourdain-killed-by-clinton-operatives:False
real-photograph-g7-leaders:True
boy-scouts-mormons:Unproven
heineken-beer-ad-babies:False
ayatollah-khamenei-share-picture-reading-fire-fury:True
did-maxine-waters-say-impeach-trump:False
sarah-huckabee-sanders-replaced:False
spider-in-tampon:False
navy-1988-iranian-jet:True
melania-hit-donald-trump-shocking-announcement:False
mcdonalds-menu-big-mac:False
colorado-gun-confiscation:Mixture
pilot-flying-j-flag-controversy:Unproven
general-eaton-iran-deal:Correct Attribution
did-trump-jobs-iran-nuclear-deal:Unproven
dc-daycare-center-raided:Mostly False
pope-francis-gun-owners:Mostly False
nikolas-cruz-promise-obama:False
tommy-robinson-protest-photo:Miscaptioned
legalizing-marijuana-necessitate-euthanizing-pot-sniffing-dogs:False
singer-james-blunt-prevent-world-war-iii:Mostly False
donald-trump-lincoln-success:True
did-north-korea-open-doors-christianity:False
mann-packaged-vegetable-recall:Outdated
distracted-boyfriend-meme-come-real-movie:Mostly True
does-welcome-sign-kansas-city-typo:False
oakland-shortstop-nra-shirt:False
obama-administration-unable-arrange-release:Mostly False
senior-and-veterans-discounts:False
took-arrow-knee-marriage:False
ramad-chatman:Mixture
shoebill-stork-real-animal:True
purple-horned-winged-lizard:False
was-twelve-lb-rat-london:Miscaptioned
maryland-billboard-guns-trump-impeachment:True
willie-nelson-seriously-ill:False
deodorant-challenge-sweeping-schools-playgrounds:Unproven
michelle-obama-anthem-heart:False
neutrogena-makeup-remover-wipes:Unproven
is-u-s-border-sign-free-stuff-real:False
is-this-first-caravan-member-asylum:False
did-michele-bachmann-say-kanye-is-right:False
hillary-clinton-truck-mishap:False
weapon-advertised-ability-fit-backpack:True
university-of-texas-masculinity:False
pay-bridge-electrical-bill:True
trump-border-dome:False
migrant-caravaners-suicide-vests:False
did-ryan-osteen-house-chaplain:False
hillary-clinton-documentary-missouri:False
patrick-little-neo-nazi-california:True
hillary-clinton-rare-disease:False
two-headed-sharks-terrorizing-ocean:Mostly False
trump-faith-based-initiative:Mostly True
cinco-de-mayo:False
honey-browser-extension:True
is-vampire-squid-turning-inside-out:Mostly True
sinko-de-mayo:False
london-mayor-trump-protest:False
nelson-mandela-trump-praise:False
house-exorcism-hurricane:Miscaptioned
donald-trump-nobel-peace-prize:False
did-netflix-announce-god-of-war-series:False
did-karl-rove-write-tactics-conservative-blogging:Unproven
hillary-clinton-hunting-expedition:False
real-video-arrow-always-points-right:True
real-hand-eight-fingers:Mixture
israel-nuclear-bomb-syria:False
dead-reporter-recording-clinton:False
second-broward-county-death:Mostly False
oklahoma-bill-lgbt-adoptions:True
did-mike-huckabee-complain-michelle-wolf:True
sarah-huckabee-sanders-aunt-lydia:False
hillary-clinton-killed-fbi-raid:False
is-sunset-moscow-real:False
does-body-replace-itself-seven-years:False
allison-mack-rothschild-clinton:False
california-sex-ed-parents:Mostly False
michelle-wolf-newspaper-arrest:False
washing-aborted-fetuses:Miscaptioned
samuel-l-jackson-rappers-tweet:False
trump-nominating-dr-oz-presidential-council-sport-fitness-nutrition:True
hillary-clinton-smash-phone-hammer:Mixture
fascism-corporations-corporatism-dictionary:False
camels-crossing-the-sea:Mostly True
michelle-wolf-hulu-special:False
body-pedophile-dumped-parliament:Mixture
sweden-society-health-care:Mixture
velvet-cowkiller-ant:Mostly True
right-to-resist-unlawful-arrest:Mostly False
sleepy-eyes-anti-semitic-slur:Mixture
was-trump-best-worst-president-time:False
did-uk-prime-minister-state-owns-children:False
jane-goodall-trump-primate-behavior:Mixture
plastic-layer-covering-romaine-lettuce:False
did-man-lock-head-cage:Mostly True
dj-avicii-expose-pedophile-ring:False
rapists-and-child-support:Mixture
new-study-marijuana-crohns:False
comedy-central-wolf-apology:False
bbc-nato-russia-nuclear-incident:False
california-bible-ban:False
kkk-ad-front-page:Mixture
millionaire-horsepower-llamathrust:True
did-leonard-refuse-play-anti-trump-comments:False
is-this-proof-white-helmets-staged-chemical-attack:False
malia-obama-anti-trump-website:False
michigan-licenses-yellow-stars:Mostly False
hillary-clinton-anti-trump-website:False
michael-cohen-the-fixer-ads:False
planned-parenthood-midterm-elections:Mixture
giant-manta-ray-photo:Mostly True
prisoner-died-testicles-missing:Mostly False
town-crier-announces-royal-birth:Mixture
mike-pences-brother-russian-military:Mixture
mysterious-creature-terrorizing-argentina:False
yeti-nra-business-ties:Mixture
suge-knight-dead:False
starbucks-coupon-for-black-customers-only:False
was-dead-kennedys-jello-biafra-sued:Unproven
mark-zuckerberg-closing-facebook:False
whatsapp-martinelli-phone-virus-warning:False
daredevil-ride-motorcycle-lake-como:Mostly True
live-abortion-for-bitcoin:False
hillary-clinton-snuff-film:False
vermont-state-trooper-attacked-hooligans:False
did-clinton-say-syria-israel-leaked-e-mail:False
donald-trump-tweet-warnings-obama-ordering-syrian-airstrikes:True
einstein-world-war-iv-sticks-stones:Unproven
russian-woman-embalmed-alive-formalin-drip:Mostly False
can-stone-dissolve-iron:False
did-principal-implement-halal-menu:False
jamie-allman-david-hogg-poker:True
cdc-doctor-flu-shot-dead:False
did-aldrin-reveal-the-truth-about-aliens:False
was-statue-unknown-soldier-vandals:False
california-bill-police-imitation-weapons:Unproven
us-more-registered-voters-than-adults:Mixture
joy-behar-trump-tower-fire:False
muslima-nurse-practitioner-son:Unproven
malia-obama-white-people-blended-out:False
dhs-compile-database-journalists-bloggers:True
was-marine-u-s-marine-flags-home:Outdated
schwarzenegger-hotel-statue:Miscaptioned
did-woman-infect-deliberately-hiv:False
daredevils-playing-tennis-airplane:Mostly True
did-sick-childs-classmates-refuse-birthday:Miscaptioned
article-54-of-obamacare:False
pence-white-house-syria-photo:False
woman-survive-titanic-hindenburg-pearl-harbor-9-11:False
philadelphia-starbucks-arrest:True
census-bureau-japanese-americans:True
armed-students-delaware-high-school-1973:Mixture
did-conor-mcgregor-and-floyd-mayweather-sign-for-a-rematch:False
did-233-vote-steal-social-security:Mostly False
was-obama-worst-president-new-poll:Outdated
joe-jackson-death-hoax:False
was-child-expelled-trump-costume:False
did-man-save-friend-from-reptilian-attack:Miscaptioned
is-ll-bean-refusing-hire-gun-owners:False
was-al-sharptons-brother-arrested-for-murder:Mostly True
walmart-gift-card-2018:Scam
hall-oates-phone-hotline:True
war-on-christmas-monument:False
stop-killing-alligators-gatorade:False
did-pope-say-hell-doesnt-exist:Unproven
new-study-officially-declare-fluoride-neurotoxin:False
did-roseanne-pose-as-adolf-hitler-photo-shoot:True
did-controversial-jacket-pro-fascism-message:Unproven
deerfield-assault-weapons-ban:True
point-ocean-closest-human-astronaut:True
did-shakespeare-say-he-always-felt-happy:False
amazon-bankrupting-united-states-postal-service:False
facebook-suspend-account-whistleblower-exposed-cambridge-analytica:True
nra-founded-protect-black-people-kkk:False
northern-lights-seen-space:Miscaptioned
indiana-abortion-reporting:Mixture
sweden-ban-mandatory-vaccinations-children-2017:Mostly False
emma-gonzalez-shooter-bullying:False
short-tailed-weasel:Miscaptioned
david-hogg-give-nazi-salute:False
planned-parenthood-disney-abortion:True
did-florida-pass-recreational-marijuana:False
newspaper-ad-ku-klux-klan-praise-donald-trump:Mixture
was-emma-gonzalez-attacking-truck:False
obama-campaign-use-tactics-cambridge-analytica:False
does-facebooks-bff-prove-account-secure:False
joes-crab-shack-criticized-displaying-picture-man-hanged:True
did-russia-monument-native-americans-moscow:False
donald-trump-melania-trump-stormy-daniels:False
toilet-licking-trump-protest:False
half-body-camel:False
is-disney-building-resort-toronto-islands:False
facebook-categorize-users-political-preferences:True
mother-shoots-pedophile-burglar:Mostly False
harry-potter-cursed-child-movie-poster:False
david-hogg-generations-before-us:False
will-the-epa-ban-manmade-snow:False
condom-snorting-challenge:Mostly False
muslim-migrants-attack-catholic-church-mass-france:False
trump-cecil-lion-wildlife-conservation-council:False
president-barack-obama-congratulate-putin-2012-win:True
rihanna-snapchat:Mostly True
police-delaware-shoot-kill-man-wheelchair:True
karl-marx-banknote-released-germany:Mostly True
toni-braxton-death-hoax:False
krauthammer-interesting-take-trump:Misattributed
prayer-request-jimmy-coynes-grandson-walkout-attack:Unproven
march-for-our-lives-permit:False
teachers-accidentally-discharge-gun:True
is-matt-damon-moving-to-australia:False
were-students-arrested-during-gun-protest:Outdated
minnesota-school-walkout-gun:Mixture
lincoln-dakota:Mixture
leslie-gibson-emma-gonzalez:True
common-core-florida-test-results:False
monstrous-paws-alabama:False
nasa-india-earthquake:False
federal-judge-nullify-pa-election-results-wide-scale-voter-fraud:False
is-california-requiring-students-arabic-numbers:False
amelia-earharts-remains-located:Unproven
toys-r-us-closing-locations-not-accepting-gift-cards:Mostly True
trump-puppy-mills-inspection:Mixture
empty-shoes-memorial-washington-sandy-hook:Mostly True
trucked-voters-in-pa:False
did-tennessee-school-district-ban-flag:False
did-captured-islamic-state-obama:False
harley-davidson-steel-tariffs:Mostly False
was-a-dss-worker-fired-in-roanoke-city-over-a-gun-permit:False
pedophile-prison-death:Mostly False
julia-stiles-transgender:False
united-states-lower-death-shootings:Mixture
trump-veterans-free-health-care:Mostly False
trump-presidential-seal:True
mcdonalds-restaurants-flipping-womens-day:Mostly True
london-closes-500-churches-opens-423-new-mosques:False
did-bachmann-say-jesus-created-rifles:False
did-disney-announce-bedknobs-broomsticks:False
kray-twins-use-elephant-rob-london-tram:False
obama-400-million-restitution:False
carl-icahn-stock-steel-tariffs:True
does-juuling-cancer-young-people:False
did-girl-smile-carved-face-south-africa:False
is-amazons-alexa-emitting-unprompted-creepy-laughing:Mixture
does-blue-buffalo-contain-toxic-levels-lead:Unproven
putin-passport-salisbury-poison-attack:False
stephen-hawking-pope-francis:False
was-all-female-responsible-bridge-collapse:False
obama-force-fbi-delete-500000-fugitives:Mixture
hagan-ad-mexico-us-border:False
were-merkel-may-grybauskaite-high-school-friends:Miscaptioned
student-suspended-staying-in-class:Mixture
cnn-washing-machine:False
did-hundreds-ar15-blessing-ceremony:True
super-antenna-octa-air-legitimate-replacement-cable:Mixture
harvey-weinstein-suicide:False
vibrant-bra-giveaway:False
transgender-teen-wrestling-title:True
did-ben-carson-purchase-a-31000-dining-set-and-charge-it-to-hud:True
did-pfizers-vp-blow-whistle-gardasil:False
seattle-police-confiscate-mans-guns-without-warrant:False
facebook-extreme-hackers-warning:False
chicagos-local-undocumented-vote:False
new-medicare-card-scam:Scam
iowa-guns-blind:True
marco-rubio-said-felons-get-guns-back-not-voting-rights:False
racist-carnival-game:True
does-delta-airlines-give-planned-parenthood-members-discounted-rates:False
rich-sanchez-tweet-rick-sanchez-fired-jew:Correct Attribution
jerry-brown-signs-law-banning-teachers:Mixture
was-the-austin-bombing-suspect-part-of-a-christian-homeschooling-group:Unproven
soros-paid-march-for-our-lives-protesters:False
is-anchor-butter-contaminated-with-hiv:False
david-hogg-attend-california-high-school:False
jim-carrey-america-upside-down:Unproven
david-hogg-on-campus-rumor-hoax:False
lawmaker-report-student-cursing:Mixture
emma-gonzalez-flag-patch:True
nixon-alien-life-time-capsule:Unproven
emma-gonzalez-ripping-up-constitution:False
nra-california-open-carry-ban:True
muslim-scholar-tariq-ramadan-sharia-law-colonize:False
ivanka-trump-rampage:False
did-ruth-bader-ginsburg-say-that-pedophilia-was-good-for-children:False
amnesty-donald-trump-human-rights:Mostly True
military-plans-gun-confiscations:False
cadbury-hiv-arrest:False
obama-un-secretary-general:False
are-instant-pots-melting:Mixture
was-yee-arrested-for-gun-trafficking:True
is-this-jumping-baby-elephant:False
melania-trump-plagiarise-michelle-obamas-statement-womens-history-month:False
did-abc-fire-joy-behar-from-the-view:False
rhode-island-governor-seize-guns:Mostly False
trump-stops-mugging-1991:Unproven
did-first-responder-stand-down-parkland:False
gun-manufacturers-crimes-products:Mostly True
did-trump-slap-mexico-city-mayor:Miscaptioned
is-this-carl-sagan-holding-a-no-billboards-in-space-sign:False
did-target-issue-an-easter-egg-recall:Outdated
trump-end-shootings-ban-schools:False
andrew-pollack-parkland-trump:Mixture
nikolas-cruz-white-supremacist-group:Unproven
is-laura-phelps-a-crisis-actor-who-lost-a-child-at-both-sandy-hook-and-parkland:False
black-panther-fbi-watch-list:False
florida-man-surrenders-ar57:True
trump-patent-maga-2012:True
was-snopes-busted-ties-to-soros:False
donald-trump-incitement-violence:True
chris-williams-parkland:False
eisenhower-military-parades:Mixture
was-florida-school-shooter-democrat:False
buzzfeed-white-people-guns:False
did-shooters-instagram-picture-maga-hat:True
florida-nikolas-cruz-isis:False
fbi-warned-florida-shooter:True
archbishop-pedophilia-spiritual-encounter:False
florida-shooter-antifa-shirt:False
flu-shot-cause-years-flu-epidemic:False
is-a-utah-schools-event-barring-girls-from-refusing-boys-dance-requests:Mostly True
former-canadian-defense-minister-claims-illuminati-are-real-and-hiding-alien-technology:True
did-mars-release-a-pod-product-in-the-wake-of-the-tide-pod-challenge-controversy:Mostly False
pope-francis-girl-sit-mass:Mostly True
did-migrants-destroy-a-car-in-italy:False
dunblane-school-shootings-ban:True
obama-official-portrait-sperm-cells:False
tomi-lahren-mass-shooting-victims-god:False
maxine-waters-guncontrolnow-tweet:False
alligators-white-house-pets:Unproven
trump-want-turn-space-station-commercial-venture:True
are-white-people-being-assaulted-at-showing-of-black-panther:False
did-huge-shark-wash-up-kitty-hawk:False
presidential-responses-school-shootings:Mixture
drake-bell-sick-boy:False
are-third-graders-raffling-off-an-ar-15-after-the-parkland-shooting:True
is-james-hetfield-standing-near-a-bear-he-killed:False
does-eyewitness-testimony-second-parkland-shooter:False
student-suspended-pretending-transgender-locker-room:False
apple-easter-calendar-iphone:Outdated
marjory-stoneman-douglas-quote-on-activism:Correct Attribution
billy-graham-say-homosexuals-castrated:Unproven
school-walkout-rumors-parkland-shooting:True
melania-trump-hired-exorcist:False
did-cnn-give-shooting-survivor-questions:False
president-trump-block-jennie-willoughby-twitter:False
mike-pence-porter-bible:False
uranium-one-vyacheslav-ivanov:False
did-booker-put-dreamers-before-veterans:False
is-this-a-wall-around-nancy-pelosis-home:False
american-teenager-in-prison:False
trump-sign-bill-revoking-obama-era-gun-checks-people-mental-illnesses:Mostly True
tamiflu-causing-increased-number-deaths-flu-season:False
can-police-legally-rape-people-35-states:Mixture
melania-trump-parents-chain-migration-meme:Unproven
trumps-hair-filmed-blowing-wind:True
can-common-household-plant-seeds-used-party-drug:Mostly False
tesla-car-really-space:True
criminals-using-plastic-bottles-carjack:Unproven
explosion-al-frankens-montana-ranch-kill-6-people:False
jeff-sessions-marijuana-rock-band:False
dogs-jealousy-study:True
black-panthers-wic-food-program:Mostly False
ventolin-safety-recall:Unproven
is-this-goliath-skeleton-real:False
costco-toilet-paper-plumbing:Unproven
rihanna-senegal-illuminati:Mostly False
trump-dow-jones-tweet:False
denzel-washington-police-state:False
eagles-respond-trumps-congratulatory-tweet-vulgarity:False
outback-steakhouse-gun-policy-controversy:Mixture
banks-wrongfully-convicted-rape:Mostly True
heather-holland-died-flu-medicine:Mostly False
george-soros-destroy-united-states:False
sentenced-reduced-3-year-old-asked:False
joe-kennedys-palm-beach-house-security-wall:False
new-facebook-algorithm-26-friends:False
adam-schiffs-sister-was-married-to-george-soros-son:False
nikki-haley-affair-accidentally:False
crayola-bathtub-fingerpaint-soap-warning:Unproven
amazon-employees-food-stamps:Mixture
aclu-trump-used-the-word-america:False
luis-gutierrez-state-of-the-union:Mostly False
did-julia-roberts-scold-celine-dion-over-trump:False
palestinians-dance-nikki-haley-un:False
homeopathic-drugs-now-illegal:False
greenpeace-activist-get-arm-bitten-off-hugging-white-shark:False
did-billy-graham-warn-against-mixing-religion-and-politics:True
train-carrying-gop-congressmen-crash-due-deep-state-plot:False
mit-pirate-certificate:True
pelosi-sanchez-state-of-union:False
united-airlines-emotional-support-peacock:True
did-democrats-check-phones-sotu-address:True
400-pound-woman-sue-paris-zoo-escaped-hippo-tried-rape:False
immigrants-nobel-prize:Mostly False
trump-george-soros-go-to-hell:False
nfl-lawyer-dead:False
wheres-damn-dinner-plane-banner-flown-womens-march:False
misspelled-tickets-trump-state-uniom:True
nfl-wont-televise-national-anthem-before-super-bowl:False
california-teacher-military-members:True
robot-child-support:False
no-lackin-challenge:Unproven
pluto-officially-reclassified-planet:False
farmers-injecting-oxytocin:Mixture
timberlake-mandatory-vaccination-schedules:False
pedophile-priest-crucified:False
marcel-marceau-saved-children-nazis:True
trump-display-names-campaign-donors-state-union:True
ivanka-trump-shot:False
new-law-makes-legal-atheist-doctors-to-refuse-care-religious-patients:False
celebrity-trump-obama-together:False
democrats-celebrate-shutdown:False
karin-mcquillan-pen-op-ed-arguing-trump-right-africa:Correct Attribution
fox-news-banned-australia-new-zealand:False
tom-cotton-drug-testing:False
nfl-admits-to-rigging-games:False
kochs-contributed-ryan-after-tax:True
democrats-shutdown-coup:False
trump-disabled-veterans-cuts:Mixture
ice-detain-michigan-doctor-40-years-u-s:Mixture
newsweek-report-trump-impeachment:False
stores-locking-tide-pods-people-wont-eat:False
elephant-mountain-real-place:False
british-accredited-registry-bar:False
melania-trump-ban-flu-shot:False
pope-francis-merengue:False
do-fbi-agents-have-a-secret-society:False
mayor-storage-unit-fbi:False
ny-lawmaker-anti-harassment:True
is-australia-chemtrails-vaccinate-residents:False
gowdy-pence-2020:False
maddie-kelley-video:Outdated
heather-wick-slavery-joke:True
u-s-senate-candidate-missouri-womans-rights:True
facts-about-dreamers-meme:Mostly False
customs-agents-bus-citizenship:True
jamie-oliver-mcdonalds-burgers:Outdated
has-indictment-been-issued-uranium-one:False
u-s-pilot-shot-down-after-destroying-korean-missile:False
ghost-pirate-marriage:False
stormy-daniels-say-president-trump-ate-pizza-tiny-pizza-toppings:False
halal-slash-video:Miscaptioned
was-this-7-month-old-white-fox-skinned-alive-for-lady-gagas-fur-coat:False
machine-automatically-sorting-colored-balls:False
soros-shutdown-bribe:False
friends-movie-trailer-real:False
trump-doctor-mueller:False
schumer-500k-donation:False
tide-discontinuing-pods:False
demi-moore-trump-supporters:False
white-house-comment-line-trump:True
trump-criticize-obama-shutdown:True
pitbull-super-bowl:False
trump-baby-ninth-month:True
a-woman-in-a-revealing-dress-attended-a-hollywood-event-amidst-protests-against-sexual-harassment:Miscaptioned
jim-bakker-trump-porn-star:False
corps-leaders-warn-marines-tide-pods:False
bluetooth-etymology:True
macauley-culkin-satanic-hollywood:False
did-energy-weapon-strike-michigan:False
hhs-allow-doctors-to-refuse-lgbtq:True
nancy-pelosi-wall-violate-rights:False
ronald-reagan-alzheimers-disease:Unproven
melania-michelle-mlk-message:False
cruise-ship-pizza-warning:False
will-eating-alligator-save-wetlands:False
trump-sold-an-apartment-haitian-dictator:True
are-feminists-complaining-telepathic-rape:False
illegal-immigrant-benefits:Mostly False
did-sen-tom-cotton-issue-a-cease-and-desist-to-a-constituent:True
is-mohammed-popular-name-netherlands:False
clinton-foundation-paid-for-chelseas-wedding:Unproven
flu-shot-less-effective-season:False
san-diego-rainmaker:True
norway-renames-shithole-solidarity-countries-trump-insulted:False
katy-perry-satan-bucket-list:False
obama-called-libya-a-sht-show-and-media-was-silent:Mostly False
sushi-fanatic-5-foot-long-tapeworm:True
lottery-winner-shane-missler-giving-away-money-retweets:False
emmanuel-mensahs-final-act-heroism:True
botswana-condemns-trump-remarks:True
tide-pod-challenge:True
does-psychiatrist-trump-lack-license:False
nestle-ceo-water-not-human-right:Mixture
did-cdc-flu-shot-causing-outbreak:False
engineer-std-sex-robot:False
robert-reichs-rules-2018:Misattributed
trumps-sister-donnies-acting-like-nutjob:False
did-beyonce-say-descended-illuminati:False
german-soap-opera-muslim:False
is-this-our-congress-hard-at-work:Miscaptioned
dixie-dolly-parton-stampede:True
senators-busted-prostitution-ring:False
oprah-winfrey-old-white-people-have-to-die:Mixture
tourist-roller-coaster:False
tennessee-rep-meth-lab:False
are-essential-oils-poisonous-to-cats:True
shanell-rivers-put-blood-dog-feces-into-starbucks-products:False
oprah-winfrey-harvey-weinstein-house:False
obama-foundation-indictment:False
oprah-kissing-weinstein-cheek:True
mitch-mcconnell-blow-off-trump-haircut:Unproven
was-president-trump-feared-dead-after-a-fire-at-trump-tower:False
will-defunct-chinese-space-station-crash-earth-march-2018:True
22-clinton-foundation-employees-arrested:False
alien-spotted-boarding-ufo-in-romania:False
trump-politics-is-boring:Unproven
german-football-club-banned-failing-give-nazi-salute:Mostly True
sahara-desert-snowfall:True
world-suicide-rate-drops-37-following-logan-pauls-youtube-video:False
muslim-educator-named-superintendent-atlantas-schools:False
is-navy-naming-tig-ol-bitties:False
was-ed-edd-n-eddy-reboot-announced:False
did-fracking-cause-volcanic-activity-hawaii:False
scarbrough-scholarship-trump:False
did-trudeau-canada-american-farmers:False
did-king-tell-trump-hague:False
immigrant-girl-never-separated:Mixture
is-trump-administration-southwest-key-458-million:True
did-baboon-terrorize-village:False
are-politicians-actual-psychopaths:False
obama-dont-separate-mommy-protest-sign-real:Miscaptioned
melania-trump-wear-jacket-visiting-children-separated-families:True
is-there-a-new-lucky-charms-frosted-flakes-cereal:Mostly True
queen-elizabeth-suspends-wedding:False
were-daca-recipients-burning-flag:False
man-arrested-finger-circle-officer:False
did-trump-say-low-class-pets:Unproven
chocolate-extinct-40-years:False
gabapentin-newest-prescription-drug-killer:False
us-returning-puerto-rico-to-spain:False
trump-inappropriate-comment-daughter-tiffany:False
did-maria-cause-an-iv-bag-shortage:True
nancy-pelosi-disgusted-trump-tweet:False
bono-trump-destroy-america:False
sasha-obama-just-crashed-her-expensive-new-car-into-a-lake:False
nfl-donations-black-lives-matter:Mostly False
sabrina-pasterski-physics-girl:Mixture
somewhere-over-rainbow-holocaust:False
animal-brothels-open-germany-migrant-population-hits-22-percent:False
trump-eo-seize-assets:False
michele-bachmann-mexican-food:False
trump-rolls-back-rules-protecting-elderly:True
meth-lab-alabama-walmart:False
kim-jong-un-reading-fire-fury:False
michelle-obama-arrested-for-domestic-violence:False
shariah-law-legal-texas:False
woman-clubs-boyfriend-dream:False
californias-governor-law-students-spanish:False
lori-mcallen-shoot-immigrants:True
seattle-tax-sweetened-drinks:True
muslim-waitress-refuse-seat-church-group:False
clinton-narrate-fire-fury:False
joanna-gaines-pregnant:True
did-ups-lose-familys-inheritance:Mixture
did-george-soros-suffer-a-massive-heart-attack-on-christmas-eve:False
2018s-amazing-calendar:False
trump-negro-census:Mostly False
michael-jordan-sue-grocery-store-10-million:True
cow-on-hood-car:False
chuck-e-cheese-bitcoin:False
will-un-peacekeepers-deployed-streets-chicago:False
police-officers-firefighters-too-much-money:False
real-mermaid-found-india:False
muslim-new-jersey-mayor-just-banned-the-word-christmas:False
antifa-pour-concrete-on-tracks-causing-an-amtrak-train-to-derail:Mixture
julia-roberts-say-michelle-obama-isnt-fit-clean-melania-trumps-toilet:False
balls-up:False
mia-khalifa-fcc-commissioner-dms:False
did-alabama-state-police-arrest-poll-workers:False
president-host-nra-anniversary-sandy-hook:Mixture
robert-mueller-in-vietnam:Miscaptioned
joy-behar-grabbed-robin-williams-by-the-crotch:True
woman-almost-loses-leg-cutting-shaving:Mostly True
no-two-snowflakes-alike:True
retailers-using-disappearing-ink-receipts-discourage-returns:Mostly False
rogue-amazon-drone-white-house:False
surgeon-clinton-foundation-corruption-haiti:False
did-washington-d-c-s-football-team-change-its-name-to-redhawks:False
50-years-ribs-theft:Mostly True
dog-defecate-10-downing-street:False
dna-testing-companies-admit-altering-tests-screw-racists:Mostly False
alabama-doug-jones-ballots:False
rosie-odonnell-arrested-bribery:False
trump-challenge-coins:True
alabama-poll-workers-arrest:False
muslim-amtrak-derailment:False
scientists-caught-tampering-raw-data-exaggerate-sea-level-rise:False
did-odonnell-offer-bribes-to-senators:Mixture
did-nick-saban-finish-third-in-the-2017-alabama-senatorial-election:False
moore-accuser-yearbook:Mixture
hatchimal-bath-bombs:Unproven
was-fake-snow-made-from-asbestos-marketed-as-christmas-decor:True
was-donald-trump-accused-of-sexual-assault-prior-to-the-2016-election:False
schumer-daughter-cheerleader:False
tax-bill-deduction-losses-wildfires:True
forestry-service-advice-for-animals-in-wildfires:False
were-50-dead-bodies-found-on-a-beach-in-cancun:False
kirk-douglas-death-hoax:False
zookeeper-arrested-molest-gorilla:False
marijuana-screaming-vomiting-aka-scromitting:Mostly True
lgbtp-adding-letter:False
georgia-police-dog-head:True
new-hand-sign-used-teens-acquire-drugs:False
denzel-washington-obama-criminal-in-chief:False
roy-moores-accusers-arrested-charged-falsification:False
turmeric-prevent-dementia:False
did-nfl-team-declare-bankruptcy-protests:False
boeing-90-degree-climb:Unproven
protester-holding-holidays-matter-sign:False
did-an-alabama-church-put-up-a-sign-comparing-roy-moore-to-jesus:True
twitter-germany-nazis:Mostly True
elon-musk-donald-trump-dumbass:False
america-first-ku-klux-klan-slogan:True
2017-tax-bill:Mixture
scraping-tongue-spoon-diagnose:Mostly False
professor-flunk-student-australia-country-continent:Mostly True
cats-claw-machines:Unproven
frozen-river-scream-ghostface:False
did-keanu-reeves-help-pay-for-a-strangers-kidney-transplant-with-an-envelope-of-cash:False
hermit-crab-using-skull-shell:False
congress-use-slush-fund-pay-17-million-women-sexually-harassed:False
time-traveling-hula-hooper-photograph:False
trump-threatening-robocalls:False
did-dea-legalize-synthetic-weed:Mixture
dow-jones-losses-republicans:Mixture
tax-plan-employee-discounts:False
video-beating-dutch-boy-crutches:False
joe-kennedy-pharma:True
libya-slavery:Miscaptioned
sex-doll-funeral-home:False
amish-community-puppy-mills:Unproven
lggbdtttiqqaapp-lgbt-inclusiveness-training-flyer:Mostly True
trump-reverses-insecticide-ban-dow-chemicals:Mixture
hpv-kissing-aids:False
did-canada-legalize-euthanasia-children-disabilities:False
niagara-falls-frozen:Miscaptioned
da-vinci-last-words:Unproven
bulldog-saves-sleeping-children:False
barton-wind-finite:Mixture
child-shooting-dog-photos:False
putin-pictured-taking-lollipop-child:False
flamingo-egg-yolks-are-pink:False
national-park-trump-wines:Mixture
charnel-no-5:False
hiv-needles-gas-pump-handles:False
tax-bill-private-schools:True
trump-turkey-pardons-reversed:False
the-killer-in-the-backseat:Legend
mexico-seizes-us-cocaine:False
gop-tax-plan-include-tax-cut-private-jet-owners:Mostly True
ryan-zinke-dead-elephant:False
tax-plan-graduate-students:Mixture
iphone-sos:Mixture
were-hate-charges-blm-kidnappers-dropped:False
isis-called-for-assassination-of-barron-trump:Mixture
colorado-infant-become-first-pot-overdose-death:False
photographer-said-franken-image-was-staged:False
is-jennifer-aniston-starting-a-celebrities-for-trump-group:False
gop-tax-bill-fetal-personhood-legislation:Mostly True
video-flaming-tire-car:False
call-of-duty-wwii-scene-tree:True
does-the-republican-tax-bill-include-a-loophole-benefitting-golf-course-owners:True
video-muslims-sharia-ashoura:False
california-senate-exempt-gun-laws:False
woman-attacked-on-camera-for-wearing-a-trump-hat-in-hollywood:Mixture
obama-sleeping-man-subway:False
image-depict-texas-church-shooter-bernie-sanders-rally:False
did-washington-post-offer-accuse-roy-moore:False
thar-she-blows:True
banana-bloat:False
food-waste-walmart:Miscaptioned
saudi-arabia-beheads-robot:False
actor-harry-shearer-leaving-simpsons:False
andre-giant-holding-beer-can:True
was-stephen-hawking-accused-misconduct:False
trump-dogs-veterans-day:Mixture
facebook-no-swearing-campaign:False
edward-mordrake:False
little-gun-history:Mostly False
cards-humanity-block-trump-border-wal:Unproven
did-elderly-woman-train-cats-to-steal:False
did-hoboken-mayor-ravi-bhalla-vow-to-glorify-islam-in-every-decision:False
did-trump-call-trillanes-little-narco:False
california-naacp-want-replace-national-anthem:True
roy-moore-muslims-serve-congress:True
is-danica-roem-the-first-trans-state-lawmaker-in-the-us:False
playing-christmas-music-federal-crime:False
planned-parenthood-employee-charged-using-aborted-babies-halloween-props:False
shinzo-abe-roll-golf-bunker-round-trump:Unproven
has-tony-podesta-been-arrested-in-the-mueller-investigation:False
fentanyl-overdose-residue-shopping-cart:False
remembrance-of-things-pasta:False
texas-church-shooter-atheist-dnc-payroll:False
devastating-snowfall-predicted-nw-montana-early-2018:False
did-trump-impatiently-dump-fish-food-in-japanese-koi-pond:Miscaptioned
sutherland-springs-shooting-rumors-hoaxes-and-conspiracy-theories:Mixture
did-amazon-choose-san-diego-for-its-hq2:False
texas-samir-al-hajeed-sam-hyde:False
jacob-thompson-xmas-cards:Outdated
insider-trading:False
tilapia-mutant-fish:Mostly False
pope-francis-married-priests:Mixture
are-parents-choice-diapers-chemical-burns:Unproven
sperm-whale-die-swallowing-64-pounds-plastic-debris:Miscaptioned
are-marshalls-and-tj-maxx-still-paying-employees-in-puerto-rico:True
president-donald-trump-exempt-daughters-clothing-line-china-tariffs:Mixture
trump-sprinklers-apartment-fire:Mostly True
is-facebook-removing-share-button-pro-trump-posts:False
snapchat-shutting-end-2017-prank:False
was-malia-obama-arrested-elderly-woman:False
anti-gay-bakers-lottery-payout:False
picture-soldier-family-killed:Miscaptioned
jerry-brown-preparing-release-10000-pedophiles-rapists-prison:False
minnesota-billboards-trump:Mixture
did-pope-francis-write-the-gentle-reminder-message:Misattributed
chelsea-clinton-church-satan:True
trump-obama-highway-name-change:False
intern-white-power-hand-gesture:Unproven
were-real-skeletons-used-in-the-making-of-poltergeist:True
did-who-medical-marijuana-no-health-risks:Mostly False
morgan-freeman-jailing-hillary-restore-faith:False
did-jared-kushner-scrub-his-twitter-account-after-manafort-indictment:False
fox-news-manafort-blackout-cheeseburger-emoji:False
is-this-woman-playing-ping-pong-with-her-face:False
halloween-non-poisonings:False
foul-poll:False
wage-and-means:Mostly True
john-wayne-white-supremacy:True
poltergeist-curse:Legend
homeless-man-vs-corporate-thief:True
revolving-door-inventor-women:False
joe-biden-grope-photograph:False
sandra-bullock-trump-clinton:False
did-british-pub-chain-ban-remembrance-poppies:False
servers-clinton-house-fire:False
dod-drill-coincide-november-demonstrations:False
trump-unflattering-image:False
black-mask-of-death:False
425-pound-teacher-suspended-sitting-student-farting-mouth:False
veterans-day-tribute:True
world-series:False
14-year-old-pregnant-flu-shot:False
army-green-card-enlistment:Mostly False
ladybugs-beetles-dog-mouth:True
is-this-owl-having-an-orgasm:False
ghost-on-camera-hallways-ireland-school:False
john-mccain-fire-uss-forrestal:False
did-a-tattooed-jimi-hendrix-ride-a-dune-buggy:False
nfl-players-demand-month:False
texas-harvey-israel:True
are-nfl-players-police-brutality-absentee-parents:False
trump-executive-order-retired-air-force-pilots:Mostly False
was-michael-moore-accused-of-sexual-harassment:False
frederica-wilson-veterans:False
dont-whizz-on-the-electric-fence:Miscaptioned
sarah-huckabee-sanders-kkk-robe-halloween:False
was-anibe-alexandra-odoma-kidnapped-in-houston:False
myeshia-johnson-facebook-post:False
did-fbi-wipe-phones-of-las-vegas-eyewitnesses:Unproven
was-a-black-nhl-player-fired-for-raising-his-fist-during-the-national-anthem:False
is-manuka-honey-better-than-all-known-antibiotics:Mostly False
boy-shot-stepfather-appeal:False
robbers-throwing-eggs-car-windshields:Mostly False
immigrants-california-wildfires:False
four-times-more-stabbed-than-rifles-any-kind:Unproven
edith-piaf-nazi-camps-passports:Unproven
mandalay-bay-guard-clinton-foundation:False
jerry-brown-felons:Mixture
lawmakers-thong-shows-during-swearing-in:False
war-of-the-worlds:Mostly False
weinstein-fbi-names:False
drilled-wire:Legend
drag-queen-library:Mixture
will-burning-bay-leaves-reduce-anxiety:Unproven
football-fan-flag-stand-national-anthem:True
trump-uk-terrorism:Mostly False
trump-ireland-tax:False
trump-spray-tan-oval-office:False
obama-medal-of-freedom-weinstein-clinton-cosby-weiner:Mostly False
was-freddy-krueger-real:False
coyote-given-bath-mistaken-dog:False
chad-nishimura-mandalay-bay-las-vegas:False
putting-coin-top-cup-ice-accurately-tell-freezer-lost-power:Mostly False
did-sprinklers-save-house-from-massive-wildfire:Mixture
half-human-half-lion-hybrid-creature-indonesia:False
was-a-woman-killed-frozen-urine:False
little-girl-opens-door-hurricane-ophelia:Miscaptioned
california-fires-drug-cartels-marijuana-farms:Unproven
creepy-clown-haunted-house-massacre:False
national-anthem-stance:False
the-disappearance-of-ashley-kansas:False
shot-whiskey-origin:False
birdnapped:Legend
mississippi-river-going-dry:False
energy-drink-results-in-hole-in-expectant-fathers-skull:Unproven
child-abduction-kansas:False
gun-deaths-wars:Mostly True
trump-retreat:Mostly False
nasa-confirms-existence-of-earths-second-moon:False
do-vegetarians-live-longer-than-meat-eaters:Unproven
did-c-span-insult-mitch-mcconnell:False
lost-city-of-thonis-heracleion-repurposed-clickbait:Mostly False
soros-michigan-el-sayed-brotherhood:False
invisibility-cloak-video:False
tortured-nigerian-slaves-in-libya:Miscaptioned
portugal-net-neutrality:Mostly False
tax-bill-small-business-deductions:False
most-pierced-person-dies:False
roy-moore-authored-a-textbook-which-argued-that-women-shouldnt-hold-political-office:Mixture
bob-marley-cia:False
was-security-guard-mandalay-bay-an-accomplice:False
disney-world-kidney-stones:Unproven
trump-pendejo-posters-puerto-rico:Unproven
oakland-raiders-players-punish-derek-carr-standing-national-anthem:Unproven
4chan-user-prediction-las-vegas-shooting:Unproven
do-eddie-bauer-stores-destroy-clothes:Mostly False
las-vegas-shooting-rumors-hoaxes-and-conspiracy-theories:Mixture
puerto-rico-food-stamps:Mixture
australian-guns:False
does-arctic-ice-doubt-reality-climate-change:False
starving-polar-bear-viral:True
did-melbourne-antifa-claim-responsibility-for-the-vegas-massacre:False
tokyo-human-meat-restaurant:False
second-gunman-shoot-fourth-floor-mandalay-bay:False
las-vegas-shooter-trump-protest:False
michele-bachmann-vegas-victims:False
flight-crew-takes-knee:False
gordon-ramsay-entire-staff-take-knee-refuse-serve-miami-dolphins:False
are-there-871-convicted-felons-currently-playing-for-the-nfl:False
dare-to-compare:False
pizza-hut-free-pizza-anniversary-scam:Scam
las-vegas-shooter-died-in-2013:False
trump-aid-puerto-rico:Mixture
patients-die-intensive-care-puerto-rico-icu:Unproven
nike-cowboys:False
cinderellas-castle-hurricane:False
thr-nazis-1937:True
trump-nfl-lawsuit:Mixture
nfl-player-burned-american-flag-in-locker-room:False
jared-kushner-register-vote-new-york-woman:False
veteran-kaepernick-take-a-knee-anthem:True
army-football-team-kneel-protest-national-anthem:False
trump-received-ellis-island-award-in-1986:True
fbi-seizes-3000-penises-raid-morgue-employees-home:False
can-horses-grow-mustaches:True
is-the-trump-administration-puerto-rico-evacuees:False
clinton-foundation-antifa:False
indian-ocean-earthquake-tsunami-prediction-2017:False
trump-puerto-rico-golf-course:Mixture
cia-michael-hayden-put-me-down-with-kaepernick:Correct Attribution
unknown-soldier-protest-kneeling-man:Unproven
steelers-villanueva-police-brutality-protest:False
budweiser-pull-advertising-nfl-national-anthem-protest:False
fentanyl-laced-marijuana-rise:False
friday-the-13th:Legend
new-research-yellowstone-eruption-occur-sooner:False
1930s-housewife-smile-therapy:False
trump-hotel-anti-cnn-petitions:False
police-arrest-jesus-campos:False
kaepernick-anthemk-stand-if-signed:False
steelers-fined-1m-each:False
tax-season:Mostly False
sarah-sanders-trump-tax-returns-obama-conspiracy-theories:False
signs-of-a-protest:False
trump-obama-nfl-tweet:True
trumps-flip-flop-on-flag-burning:False
donald-trump-flag-salute:False
melania-trump-united-nations-obama:False
directv-nfl-refunds:Unproven
seven-witnesses-to-vegas-shooting-died-suspicious:False
tiger-woods-paternity:False
must-nfl-players-stand:Mixture
does-president-trump-plan-to-end-a-program-funding-heating-for-the-elderly-and-disabled:True
iowa-discontinue-soda-and-candy-october:False
katy-perry-cannibalism:False
jeff-goldblum-musk-zuckerberg:False
hobby-lobby-cotton:Unproven
hillary-clinton-hurricane-irma-florida-hillbillies:False
buffalo-wild-wings-anthem:True
dollar-tree-closing-stores:False
time-magazine-cover-global-cooling:False
facebook-paying-spies:False
girl-disconnect-life-support-plug-in-charger:False
iceland-mandates-mental-health-warnings-on-all-bibles:False
virginias-governor-legalize-marijuana:False
two-clinton-employees-arrested-destroying-evidence-uranium-probe-begins:False
jared-kushner-go-saudi-arabia-doesnt-extradition-treaty-us:False
mule-vs-mountain-lion:Miscaptioned
daisy-dog-rescued-911-survivors:False
nasa-warns-nibiru-is-headed-straight-for-earth:False
spacesuit-envy:Mixture
clinton-women-caved-voting:Mostly False
florida-food-stamps-power-cut:Mostly False
flash-and-grab:Mixture
muslim-medical-demographics:Mixture
footage-of-destructive-tornadoes-million:False
planned-parenthood-satanists:False
can-hurricane-victims-delay-their-mortgage-payments:True
maya-bee-scene:True
is-radioactive-milk-government-genocide-plot:False
senator-daughter-serial-killer:False
reeses-peanut-butter-cups:False
water-diseases-texas-harvey:Mostly False
permanent-closure-walt-disney-world-due-hurricane-irma:False
ghost-car-commercial:False
red-cross-hurricane-meal:Miscaptioned
did-crabs-swarm-florida-irma:False
heath-ledger-cyrian-murphy-photograph-real:False
three-sharks-filmed-in-miami-flood-waters-after-hurricane-irma:False
textbook-brock-turner-criminology-example:True
woman-dies-in-cinema-while-watching-it-remake:False
alexandrias-genesis:False
did-hurricane-irma-create-a-cloud-face:False
stan-lee-fire-jennifer-lawrence:False
we-stand-by-you:True
jennifer-lawrence-hurricanes-trump:False
red-cross-waste-supplies-texas-harvey:Unproven
lincoln-and-lees-views-on-slavery:False
rick-scott-critical-condition:False
weather-reporter-holly-ellenbogen-hit-by-a-stop-sign-during-storm:False
hurricane-irma-hitting-miami-airport:False
irma-beaches-water:True
did-prof-michio-kaku-say-haarp-caused-irma-and-harvey:False
new-research-finally-solves-the-fibromyalgia-mystery:Mostly False
child-support-abolished:False
patriot-picnic-at-chicano-park:Mixture
irma-barbuda-video:False
category-7-harvey-irma:False
dishwasher-hurricane:False
jerry-jones-speech-911:Misattributed
equifax-credit-monitoring-class-action:Mixture
people-golfing-right-next-huge-forest-fire:True
viral-mercury-aluminum-mixing-vaccines:False
mexico-argentina-trade-deal-border-wall:Mixture
virgin-islands-order-seizure-weapons-irma:True
hurricane-now-contains-sharks:False
hotels-accept-pets:Mostly False
can-firechat-send-messages-without-internet:True
the-office-us-is-returning-in-2018:Unproven
is-sacramento-paying-gang-members-not-to-kill:Mostly False
did-hurricane-harvey-uncover-obamas-secret-stash:False
arthur-hickenlooper-81-american-ninjaj-warrior:False
trump-obamacare-advertising-enrollment:True
zello-work-without-internet:False
obama-attach-personal-message-letter-wrote-trump:False
katie-hopkins-euthanasia-vans-elderly:Mostly True
red-cross-hamburgers:Mixture
hurricane-irma-track-become-category-6-storm:False
trump-saved-two-cats-after-hurricane-harvey:False
hurricane-open-windows:False
louis-farrakhan-jesus-redeemer:False
uncommon-core:False
red-cross-charging-victims-hurricane-harvey-disaster-relief-services:False
cnn-staged-hurricane-harvey-rescue-video:False
does-a-video-show-two-men-cash-register:Unproven
trump-raft-harvey:False
doctor-mourning-previously-infertile-mother:Miscaptioned
florida-sheriffs-office-miami-dolphins-national-anthem:False
29-august-hurricanes:False
donald-trump-play-doh-lousiana:Mixture
fathers-day-protest-photo:False
floating-islands-of-fire-ants:True
melania-trump-heels-houston-hurricane-harvey:False
fema-field-inspectors:Mostly True
barack-obama-katrina:False
paul-ryan-endorsed-antifa:False
hepatitis-a-outbreak-in-san-diego:False
animal-rescue-theft-harvey:False
harvey-texas-insurance:Mixture
floyd-mayweather-jr-donates-after-hurricane:False
trump-spray-tan-television:False
shelby-meijer-human-trafficking:False
osteen-yacht-houston-book-hurricane:False
did-congress-pass-bill-warrantless-searches:Mixture
is-osteens-megachurch-affected:Mixture
did-hugh-hefner-pay-to-be-buried-next-to-marilyn-monroe:True
john-beilman-las-vegas:False
democrat-principal-defecates-in-front-of-students-during-pledge-of-allegiance:False
cnn-mistake-tim-allen-joel-osteen:False
morgan-freeman-death-hoax:False
hobby-lobby-refuse-sell-jewish-holiday-items:Outdated
did-u-s-government-ban-lawn-dart-sales:True
detroit-firefighter-watermelon-fired:True
only-60-of-1566-churches-in-houston-opened-to-help-hurricane-harvey-victims:False
florida-man-turns-murdering-imaginary-friend:False
nfl-sideline-anthem:Mixture
dunkin-donuts-free-coffee-teachers:Outdated
lebron-james-wore-protest-shirt:False
mariah-carey-dead-kennedys-antifa:False
retired-marine-open-letter-nfl:Correct Attribution
enormous-pyramids-just-discovered-in-antarctica:False
north-carolina-elections-worker-trump:Mixture
confederate-soldiers-veterans:Mostly False
ronald-reagan-fascism-liberalism:True
isaiah-crowell-police:True
did-bart-simpson-mock-islam-during-a-chalkboard-gag:False
robert-lee-jefferson-davis-disavow-confederacy:Mixture
oklahoma-university-chapel-cross:Mixture
kennedy-trump-greatest-president:Mixture
antifa-mugshots-charlottesville:False
flu-vaccine-dangers:Mostly False
green-bay-coach-racist-field:False
delaware-cemetery-begins-exhuming-bodies-confederate-soldiers:False
photograph-obama-soros-laughing:False
russia-hack-gps-uss-john-mccain:Unproven
antifa-stab-neo-nazi-haircut:False
secret-service-broke-trump:Mostly False
promoter-dead-gibson-mayweather-mcgregor-fake-fight:False
photographs-show-dozens-dead-dogs-kuwait:Mixture
catholic-school-statues:Mostly True
does-cinderella-surgery-modifies-feet-to-resemble-high-heels:False
fox-sports-cancels-nfl-broadcasts-players-respect-flag:False
do-sonic-weapons-explain-the-health-diplomats-cuba:False
dem-party-logo-white-supremacy:True
is-it-illegal-florida-power-home-solar-storm:False
hawkeyes-childrens-hospital:Mixture
janaye-ervin:Mostly False
healthcare-gov-maintenance:True
camping-world-ceo-trump:Mixture
aaron-rodgers-stand-for-the-flag-kneel-for-the-cross-t-shirt:False
leland-melvin-pen-open-letter-donald-trump:Correct Attribution
counter-demonstrators-permits-charlottesville:False
man-really-look-like-mountain:True
boy-shot-by-stepfather:False
bbc-pedophilia-journalist-dead:False
solar-eclipse-from-space:False
is-this-antifa-manual-real:False
antifa-protest-sturgis-2018:False
pepsifrooti-contaminated-with-hiv:False
the-unsolvable-math-problem:True
are-vigilante-protesters-digging-up-confederate-graves:Mostly False
sunlight-cross-eclipse:False
hennepin-county-flag:True
lincoln-bust-vandalized-confederate:Unproven
maxine-waters-north-korea:False
refugee-tb-rates-in-san-diego:False
rainbow-mountains-real:False
freddie-mercury-putting-make:False
did-antifa-stab-vermont-man:Unproven
cruise-ship-lawsuit:True
did-lincoln-racism-equality-oppose:True
parsons-green-london-bomb-hoax:False
antifa-flyers-call-for-the-murder-of-white-children:False
white-supremacist-democrat:False
eclipse-racist:False
steve-bannon-bloody-lip:False
iceland-eliminated-syndrome-abortion:Mixture
charlottesville-killer-radical-leftist:False
switzerland-hotel-jewish-guests:True
department-of-justice-request-disruptj20:True
scientists-miscalculate-solar-eclipse-actually-next-year:False
crowds-on-demand:Unproven
trump-retweet-cartoon-train-hitting-cnn-reporter:True
noahs-ark-park-flooded:False
tainted-buffet-cause-severe-diarrhea-strip-club:False
trump-photographed-with-charlottesville-white-nationalist:False
immigrant-hillary-illegal-vote:False
anonymous-daily-stormer:Unproven
hope-springs-eternal:True
malia-obama-harvard:False
melania-tweet-charlottesville:Unproven
donald-trump-father-kkk-1927:Mixture
racist-protesters-protected-black-policeman:True
leftist-activists-statue-theodore-roosevelt:Outdated
emergent-situation:False
fire-and-fury-comic-book-villain:False
attorney-general-of-alabama-told-the-klan:True
is-virgin-of-guadalupe-living:False
is-nancy-pelosi-critical-drunk-driving-accident:False
obama-left-trump-a-white-house-full-of-roaches:False
antifa-member-photographed-beating-police-officer:False
foreign-exchange:False
kevin-de-leon-family-deported:False
chevy-duty:False
fukushima-officials-never-eat-pacific-fish-again:False
did-singer-lana-del-rey-ban-american-flags-at-her-concerts:Mostly False
sasha-obama-drive-by-shootout:False
moscow-mule-copper-poisoning:Mixture
utility-bill-payment-scam:Scam
blue-whale-under-rowboat:False
mennonite-biker-gang-hells-angels-sturgis:False
was-hillary-clinton-offered-a-plea-deal-in-server-investigation-in-august-2017:Unproven
vladimir-putin-north-korea-trillions-in-minerals:Unproven
malia-obama-arrested-chicago:False
pedophiles-music-industry:False
national-debt-trump:True
62-degree-celsius-kuwait-tree-fire:Mostly False
texas-rape-insurance:Mixture
starbucks-dreamer-day:False
couple-kills-dolphin-urinating:Miscaptioned
purchase-membership-shop-costco:Mostly False
et-make-bail:False
queen-elizabeth-retires:False
words-of-wisdom:False
hm-release-equally-racist-collection:False
trumpy-bear:True
joe-arpaio-misdeeds:Mixture
ikea-pregnancy-test-ad:True
raw-water-provide-probiotic-health-benefits:False
harry-potter-show-coming-to-netflix:False
michigan-isis:False
cell-phone-cause-brain-damage:False
did-the-boondocks-forecast-oprah-winfrey-becoming-president:True
carjacker:Miscaptioned
online-store-horse-burkas:False
2018-easter-valentines-calendar-quirk:True
country-rat-city-rat:False
roots-devils-tower:False
fbi-warning-to-all-americans-about-poisoned-produce:False
mccains-vote-obamacare-repeal:False
flesh-eating-bacteria-in-myrtle-beach:Unproven
gi-joe:False
highway-closed-enemy-attack-signs:True
fart-death:False
are-charitable-ngos-trafficking-people-across-the-mediterranean:False
penis-enlargement-death-embolism:True
nasa-planetary-protection-officer:Mixture
mcgregor-vs-mayweather-fight-called-off-after-mayweathers-arrest:False
pepto-xylitol:False
australia-teen-sea-lice-fleas:Mostly True
is-company-turning-human-embryos-into-jewelry:Mostly True
pope-francis-kisses-david-rockefellers-hand:False
did-john-mccain-accidentally-vote-no-on-aca-repeal:False
tipping-point:True
elephant-painting:Mixture
russian-scientists-discover-cure-homosexuality:False
did-a-new-jersey-town-forbid-residents-from-criticizing-islam:Mostly False
can-recycle-crayola-markers:Mostly True
nypd-denied-service-at-a-brooklyn-dunkin-donuts:Unproven
facebook-ai-developed-own-language:False
did-congress-vote-allow-horses-slaughtered-food:Mostly False
what-happiness-looks-like:False
walmart-jajket:False
tom-hanks-t-shirt:False
fbi-wasserman-schultz-home:False
perseid-meteor-shower-largest:False
veterans-shop-exchange-online:True
wendys-kiosks-minimum-wage:Mostly False
usher-std-rumor:Unproven
muslim-federal-judge-sharia:False
li-ching-yuen:Unproven
kirk-cameron-diagnosed-leprosy:False
lion-and-cat:False
cuba-cancer-vaccine:Mixture
popcorn-carnival:False
act-like-youve-been-there-before:True
photograph-kayak-orcas:False
lennon-che-guitar:False
king-cobras-snack-containers:True
somali-muslims-tennessee-town:False
bob-barker-dead:False
russian-pilot-bridge-1965:False
scaramucci-nude-photos-wife-revenge-divorce:False
brooklyn-refusing-vaccinate-pets:Unproven
cannabis-poisoning-death:Unproven
snapchat-facial-recognition:False
hillary-bill-clinton-russia-sanctions-speech:Unproven
cnn-justine-damond:False
steven-furtick-signs-six-year-110-million-contract-lakewood-church:False
marine-layer:Mostly True
mother-3-kids-found-dead-dad-arrested:False
german-tank-shot-down-ufos:False
1898-oklahoma-tornado:Mostly False
obama-country-owes-gratitude:False
home-pregnancy-tests-detect-testicular-cancer:Mixture
dj-khaled-break-horses-back:False
bear-motorcycle-sidecar:True
colgate-total-triclosan:Mostly False
president-trump-say-eventually-will-get-something-done:True
birth-certificates-financial-accounts:False
clinton-body-chappaqua-waitress:False
jocko-lawn-jockey-racist:Unproven
donald-trump-wrote-that-being-an-atheist-gave-him-a-business-edge:False
detergent-pods-warning:Unproven
canadian-fox:False
lady-golfers-robot-trainer:Unproven
islamberg-raid:False
dead-bigfoot-confirmed-at-elephant-butte-lake-nm:False
weather-report-sweden-iraq:Mostly False
klaus-eberwein:False
ohio-bull-shark:Miscaptioned
hue-cry:True
mysterious-arrows:True
orwell-1984-smartphone-screens:False
harvard-study-apple-iphones-sales-slows:Mixture
pedophiles-decapitated-corpse-found-on-judges-doorstep-after-bail-hearing:False
ufos-spotted-oklahoma-city:False
egg-balancing-on-the-equinox:False
red-cross-steals-texas:Mostly False
ashley-judd-middle-east-women-rights:False
untitled:True
georgia-guidestones-stolen:False
trump-marines-hat:False
lil-wayne-one-month:False
muslim-figure-pork-free:False
don-moen-death-hoax:False
radioactive-diamond-batteries-real-thing:Mixture
is-california-gov-positive-people-blood:False
alec-baldwin-arrested-trump:False
jeepers-creepers-victor-salva-convicted-child-molestation:True
facts-about-slavery:Mixture
hurricane-jose-30-foot-waves-jennettes-pier:False
jane-fonda-pows:False
swap-meat:False
american-flag-white-house:Mostly False
hail-satan-license-plates:False
trump-plane-charlie-gard:Unproven
oklahoma-representative-god:Mostly True
man-fired-stop-kidnapping:True
electric-car-1905:Mostly True
kroger-kids-free-fruit:Mostly True
muhammad-ali-winnings-1964:Miscaptioned
airline-ticket-giveaway-scam:Scam
scientists-drug-regenerates-teeth:Mixture
man-head-stuck-wife:False
lottery-winner-dies-gold-plating:False
polish-first-lady-trump-handshake:False
nancy-pelosi-daughters-cocaine:False
putin-surrounded-g20:False
false-giant-hawaiian-cane-spider:False
social-security-fun-facts:Mixture
cnn-same-refugee-girl:False
pompeii-man-ruins:Miscaptioned
bunny-toy-photograph:False
muhammad-ali-michael-jackson:False
chumlee-death-hoax:False
cash-back-scam:False
trump-closed-airports-july4:False
kid-rock-death-hoax:False
investigation-proves-starbucks-beverages-contain-feces:False
coconut-oil:Unproven
dog-mayor-rabbit-hash:Mostly True
1992-mad-magazine-trump:True
panda-solar-farm-china:Miscaptioned
diabetes-tattoo:Mostly True
social-media-hacker-warning:False
japan-dump-fukushima-nuclear-waste:Mixture
trump-fake-time-covers:True
boeing-797:False
whataburger-closing-its-doors:False
did-germanys-black-forest-cause-15000-missing-person-cases-last-year:False
mass-grave-kkk-estate:False
hitler-start-wwiii:False
unmellow-yellow:False
baby-grenfell-tower-fire:Unproven
hot-dog-dog-meat:False
bull-shark-kentucky-lake:False
the-price-they-paid:Mixture
brad-pitt-elite-hollywood:False
netflix-addams-family:False
women-retain-dna:False
saltwater-crocodile-captured-in-long-island-sound-near-bridgeport:False
tick-causes-meat-allergy:True
nude-sunbather-turtle-eggs:False
steel-barrel-graves-bill-hillary-clinton-estate-crime-scene:False
london-underground-sign:False
pelosi-healthcare-pass-the-bill-to-see-what-is-in-it:Mixture
whale-hugs-seal:False
democrat-shooters-list:Mostly False
cancer-vitamin-b17-deficiency:False
hillary-clinton-robert-mueller-uranium:Mixture
millions-of-muslims-marched-against-the-islamic-state:Mostly False
1898-julia-richardson:Mostly False
alien-mummy-peru:False
flathead-lake:Mostly True
whoopi-goldberg-puppy-mill:False
ossoff-sixth-congressional-district:True
giant-sequoia:False
false-national-gang-week:False
obama-virginia-praise:False
shelter-pets-surrender-photo:Mostly False
radiohead-fans-left-red-faced-after-applauding-tuning-session:False
russian-sleep-experiment-orange-soda:False
casey-anthony-dead:False
fake-amber-alert-plate-72b-381:False
illegal-immigrants-2008-election:False
ayn-rand-social-security:True
elizabeth-warren-pagan-ritual:False
meerkat-bath-photograph:False
aca-versus-ahca:False
sean-hannity-bike-accident:False
road-runner-tunnel-crash-rumor:False
andrew-lincoln-death-hoax:False
photograph-beyonce-jay-z-holding-twin-babies:False
comey-mueller-besties:Mostly False
breatharians:False
alexandria-shooter-james-hodgkinson-protested-with-sign-rand-paul-tweet:False
god-39s-chorus-of-crickets:Unproven
steve-jobs-deathbed-speech:False
trump-health-deteriorating-pressures:False
half-human-half-lamb-born-south-africa:False
road-rage-russia:False
hitler-nazis-capitalist-system:False
puddle-jumper-life-jackets:Unproven
robert-mueller-one-world-government-quote:Misattributed
indian-man-snake-bite-wife:Unproven
man-ejaculating-boss-coffee:False
indiana-muslims-muhammads-deeds:Mostly False
calgary-man-slices-off-penis-attach-razor-blade-fidget-spinner:False
rand-paul-tweet-second-amendment-purpose-shoot-tyrannical-government:Mixture
star-wars-filming-soon-in-your-town-usa:False
crisis-text-line-741741:Mostly True
wwe-shoot-aggressive-wrestler:False
bringing-a-gun-to-a-knife-fight:True
sun-full-moon:False
nancy-pelosi-miss-lube-rack-1959:False
household-dieffenbachia-deadly:False
call-112-police-emergency:False
fidget-spinner-stuck-in-woman:False
bernie-sanders-scarlet-cross:False
trump-odd-shaped-motorcade:False
parole-call:False
barron-trump-wins-national-academic-award:False
robert-gallo-invented-hiv-aids:False
nba-10-million-game:False
atheist-iceland-issues-travel-ban-white-southern-baptists:False
frito-lay-potato-chips-recall-salmonella:Outdated
chelsea-clinton-arrested:False
trump-letters-succuess:Mostly False
vox-infographic:False
joe-plumber-dies:False
iraqi-terrorist-grenades:False
horse-horse:False
scam-aldi-40-coupons:False
lindsay-ranch-raided:False
walmart-jelly-sandals-contain-lead:Unproven
sandy-hook-exposed:False
richmond-relocation-poverty:False
german-woman-fined-facebook-meme-refugees:True
imelda-marcos-death-hoax:False
scientific-papers-global-warming-myth:False
queen-elizabeth-london-mayor:Mostly False
marilyn-monroe-cat-photograph:False
muslim-brotherhood-takeover-fbi:Unproven
making-cents:True
spicer-spelling-covfefe:False
coon-rapids-walmart-trafficking-warning:Unproven
kellyanne-conway-beauty-intellect:False
virginia-police-child-shootout:False
news-etymology:False
muslims-attack-beer-wales:False
tornadoes-in-cape-town:False
uber-increase-london-attack:Mixture
sears-sell-free-palestine-shirts:Mostly True
cnn-muslim-protests-london:False
man-mowed-lawn-tornado:True
maxine-waters-london-attack-climate-healthcare:False
president-trump-in-diaper:False
trump-tour-chemtrail-plane:False
man-miraculously-saved-baby-train-tracks:False
interschools-whatsapp-warning:False
monica-lewinsky-found-dead:False
mountain-dew-discontinued:False
emmanuel-macron-us-liberals-refugee-status-france:False
supreme-court-rules-travel-ban:False
cannibals-arrested-florida:False
fidget-spinners-unsafe-lead:Mixture
helium-beer:False
paying-sold-debt:False
klan-petition-purge:False
trump-just-raided-epa:False
can-text-food-get-free-meals-children:True
kathy-griffin-shot-and-killed-trying-escape-custody:False
singapore-woman-photocopier-breasts:False
flint-river-dead-bodies:False
cleveland-browns-letters:True
bombing-vatican-city:False
22-missionaries-prayer-request:False
hillary-clinton-found-dead:False
maxine-waters-climate-change-tide-receding-photo:False
obama-texas-during-hurricane-harvey:Miscaptioned
fake-photographs-hurricane-harvey-edition:Miscaptioned
covfefe-arabic-antediluvian:False
shark-street-hurricane:False
wendell-callahan-meme:Mostly False
mantle-piece:True
melania-trump-bans-monsanto:False
mexico-troops-hurricane-katrina:True
weather-or-not:False
russian-soldiers-last-words:Unproven
angel-flights-fallen-soldiers:Miscaptioned
black-lives-matter-emergency-crews-hurricane:False
texas-christians-adopting-children:Mostly False
miley-cyrus-death-hoax:False
child-bride-florida:Mixture
president-trump-gives-finger:Unproven
this-island-google-earth:False
ivanka-trump-saudi-arabia-100-million-donation:False
coconuts-kill-more-sharks:Unproven
photo-hillary-clinton-manchester-bombers-father-abedi:False
scott-baio-plane-crash:False
portland-furries-dog-parks:False
rubber-band-home-invasion-warning:Unproven
mitch-mcconnell-block-russia:Mostly False
nancy-pelosis-son-arrested:False
trump-tripadvisor-middle-east:False
trump-israel-cancer-patient:Mostly True
new-years-naples-fireworks-volcano:False
potus-at-arlington-on-memorial-day:False
unicorn-frappuccino-gay:False
league-of-german-girls-inspection-during-world-war-ii:False
royal-caribbeans-sinks-carnival-cruise:False
white-house-catering-list-leak:Unproven
miranda-cosgrove-arrested-prostitution:False
john-mccain-war-crimes:False
builders-foam-hair:Miscaptioned
scarecrow-human-body:Miscaptioned
real-supercell-video:Miscaptioned
star-wars:False
bill-murray-hunter-s-thompson-t-shirts:False
cosmic-brownies:Unproven
terrorist-attacks-22:Mostly False
obama-trump-holocaust-memorial:True
miley-cyrus-nuked-trump-president:False
bermuda-triangle-ship-reappears-90-years-after-going-missing:False
pope-francis-trump-obama-smile:Mostly False
manchester-attack-false-flag:False
miriam-loomis-found-dead-clinton-estate:False
pigeon-salute-vladimir-putin:False
ariana-grande-pay-manchester-bombing-funerals:Unproven
diabetes-vaccine-2:True
everything-donald-trump-accomplished:Mixture
baby-giraffe-dies-one-month:False
enormous-grasshopper-montana:False
ariana-grande-american-flag-photograph:False
wally-pipp39s-career-ending-39headache39:False
women-witchcraft-china:Miscaptioned
look-for-the-helpers:Correct Attribution
david-clarke-military-medals:False
samsung-apple-nickels:False
doomsday-seed-vault-flooded:Mixture
warm-welcome:True
chuck-schumer-resigns-disgrace:False
nelly-arrested:Outdated
trump-asylum-white-supremacist:False
cooking-with-aluminum-foil-puts-you-at-risk-for-alzheimers:Mostly False
flag-protest-baltimore:Unproven
for-whom-the-doorbell-trolls:Legend
cia-director-john-brennan-muslim:Unproven
trump-obama-cleaning-staff-drugs:False
pat-robertson-gay-colors:False
seth-rich-parents-thank-internet-wikileaks:False
zomato-hack:True
george-soros-indicted-election-hacking:False
paint-thinner-trisodium-phosphate-found-cereals:False
trey-gowdys-son-dead-dumpster:False
bill-oreilly-found-dead:False
cut-to-the-encore:False
willie-nelson-death-hoax:False
white-wilderness:True
obama-in-handcuffs:False
ancestry-dna-steal-own:Mixture
banana-boat-sunscreen-burn:Unproven
middle-school-break-arms-jumping-off-water-tower-science-project:False
burundangascopolamine-warning:False
whale-venice-canal-photograph:False
the-greediest-generation:Mixture
waste-management-body-pickup:False
the-rescuers:True
15-days-darkness-november:False
bill-clinton-files-divorce:False
marilyn-monroe-iq:Unproven
fidget-spinner-accident:False
trump-body-finite-energy:False
fidget-spinner-facebook-warning:True
jefferson-davis-statue-barack-obama:False
gray-death:True
furay-drug-charges-father:Mostly False
sharia-law-trump-schools-supreme-court:False
paula-white-prayer-flags:False
cat-unusually-deep-voice:False
prayers-for-dakota:Mixture
jeff-sessions-private-prisons:Mixture
creflo-dollar-debuts-new-pulpit-made-entirely-of-hundred-dollar-bills:False
seth-rich-dnc-wikileaks-murder:False
monica-lewinsky-son-dead:False
biplane-buzz-beach-1911:False
rainbow-mountains-of-peru:Mostly True
colorado-hunter-sasquatch:False
fidget-spinner-fake-news:False
colored-only-no-whites-allowed:True
sealed-indictment-president-trump:Unproven
vaccine-vial-evacuating-building:False
holistic-doctor-big-pharma:False
salinger-write-nude:False
handy-excuses-nixon-backers:True
james-comey-seth-rich:False
amy-schumer-female-remake-saving-private-ryan:False
fox-news-whoopi-goldberg:False
the-coming-ice-age:False
bruce-lee-elvis-dojo:False
7d-hologram-park:False
sargento-recall-fake-news:Outdated
giant-squid-indonesia:Miscaptioned
putin-lover-dead-switzerland:False
clinton-foundation-cargo-ship:False
florida-georgia-line-marry:False
godfather-horse-head:True
muslim-girl-trump-supporter:False
danney-williams-found-dead:False
kgb-agent-sex-pistols:False
matthew-mcconaughey-come-out:False
fox-news-comey:Mostly True
pastor-scarborough-cancer:False
nixon-predicted-trump-success:True
million-error:True
jerry-brown-investigation:False
trump-url-poor:False
joanna-gaines-quitting-fixer-upper:Mixture
harvard-segregated-graduation:Mostly False
trump-protest-no-right:Mostly False
muslim-migrant-benefits:Mostly False
memorial-day:Mixture
polo-blow-2:False
monster-bullfrog:False
memorial-day-police-trump-obama:False
berkeley-breathed-trump-letter:False
pope-francis-trump-hand-slap:False
pink-volcano:False
cbo-ahca-score:Mostly False
ashes-mailed-to-congress:True
trump-hunting-bald-eagles:False
sarah-palin-lyme-disease:False
bill-oreilly-beaten:False
obama-white-house-muslim:False
pets-in-pet-food:Unproven
stephen-colbert-fired:False
parking-vijay-mallya-joke:False
comey-pee-tape:False
friends-reunion-new-season:False
joakim-noah-west-point:Mixture
merkels-hair-censored:False
handgun-student-stabbing:Unproven
restaurant-employees-police-song:False
baby-born-holding-iud:Miscaptioned
legs-open-refugees-sign:False
thomas-crapper:False
e-cigarettes-cancer-formaldehyde:Mostly False
woman-prosecuted-laughing-sessions:True
elevator-man-eats-wife:False
donald-trump-civil-war-monument:True
birth-of-an-island:True
melania-trump-relationship-tweet:True
six-flags-flooding-photo:Miscaptioned
duct-tape-antifa:False
run-over-trump-protesters:Mostly False
jehovahs-witness-russia-trump-asylum:False
macri-trump-carter-award:Unproven
clouds-over-mount-fuji:Mostly False
eastwood-tragic-news:False
trump-purchases-rockefeller-estate:False
sonia-disowns-rahul-hoax:False
denzel-washington-death-hoax:False
ted-nugent-death-hoax:False
inmate-bible-last-meal:False
ayn-rand-quote:Mixture
water-fluoridation-reduces-iq:False
bill-nye-vs-dolph-lundgren:Mostly True
cheating-husband-castration:False
apple-cider-vinegar-diet:False
jeff-goldblum-food-truck:Mostly True
bill-nye-gender-chromosomes:False
bill-clinton-dying:False
trump-disgrace-world-girl:False
trump-caught-tweeting:False
north-korea-evacuation-alarms:False
muslim-refugee-ohio-nightclub:False
lions-save-christians-from-islamic-militants:Unproven
new-superfuel:False
tourist-assaulted-orangutan:False
tornado-carries-mobile-home:False
hobby-lobby:False
dammed-beavers:True
george-soros-ss-nazi-germany:False
ancient-giant-trees:Miscaptioned
climatology-fraud-global-warming:False
malia-obama-fired-internship:False
lowes-coupon-scam:False
can-you-use-peanut-butter-to-diagnose-alzheimers-disease:Mostly False
parents-nightmare:False
power-outages-la-sf-nyc:False
sea-roach:False
mia-khalifa-hiv:False
north-korea-fake-missiles:Unproven
restaurant-refuse-soldier-massapequa:False
trump-sons-photo:False
assange-dead-london-alley:False
paul-walkers-ghost:False
jeff-sessions-pacific-island:True
hernandez-abatement-ab-initio:Mixture
ted-cruz-southern-states-nuclear-weapons-protect-beliefs:False
obama-burial-plot:False
household-printers-tracking-code:Mostly True
facebook-lifts-nipple-ban:False
whoopi-goldberg-wears-violent-trump-shirt:False
fox-news-reality-winner-parody-account-broadcast:False
balloon-breasted-trump:False
trump-stripper-photograph:False
breasts-in-public:Mostly False
russia-kompromat-jason-chaffetz:Unproven
cockroach-zimbabwe-x-ray:False
trump-bullies-boy-hat-easter:False
menstrual-cycles-synchronize:Unproven
dunkin-donuts-coupon-hoax:Scam
cia-agent-confesses-wtc7:False
marilyn-monroe-liz-taylor:False
hammerhead-salamander-photo:False
woman-gives-birth-to-puppies:False
air-scare:False
antifa-protestor-punch-m80:Mostly False
green-moon:False
marla-maples-plane-crash:False
donald-trump-lie-truth:False
british-mom-co-sleeping-custody:Mostly False
paas-bunny-white-house-easter:False
war-games:True
the-artful-dodger:Unproven
patriots-white-house-attendance:Mixture
teen-boy-46-times:False
sonic-red-tray-route-44-promotion:Mixture
420:True
texas-man-prostitute-wife:False
valedictorian-drop-out-ceo:Mostly False
trump-subscription-box:True
drano-bottle-bombs:True
mosque-burn-american-flag:False
trump-new-bot-followers:Mostly False
cory-booker-jared-kushner:Mixture
donald-trump-global-warming-hoax:True
trump-bans-snl:False
plane-toilet-cruise-ship:False
rapist-clown-costume:False
florida-man-genitals-alligator:False
supreme-court-islam-schools:False
bodies-blm-carved-skin:False
united-passengers-crash-helmets:False
gays-lacing-easter-eggs:False
indonesia-lost-tribe:Unproven
explosion-moab-afghanistan:False
snoop-dogg-easter-bunny-photo:False
false-sarah-palin-claims-jesus-celebrated-easter:False
marijuana-legalized-texas:False
stuntman-death-in-ben-hur:False
a-truckin-miracle:False
couple-finds-biological-twins-ivf-treatment:False
candace-claiborne-treason:Mixture
greg-comer-cancer-prayer:Outdated
obamas-divorce-pregnant-mistress:False
obama-search-warrant:False
will-jason-chaffetz-resign:Unproven
clinton-mcgill-found-dead:False
canadian-fishermen-shrimp:False
trump-visa-free-travel-policy:False
lennon-guitar-spock-elvis:False
dm-deleted-syria-story:Mostly True
jeff-sessions-immigrants-filth:False
southwest-airlines-slogan:False
women-ancient-rome-turpentine-urine:Mixture
chelsea-clinton-arrest-13-year-old:False
eric-trump-cancel-taxes-wealthy:False
holocaust-teaching-ban-uk:False
wjw-dark-white-steve-stephens:False
letter-go:Unproven
ice-caps-melt-gore-2014:Mixture
trump-united-my-people:False
united-airlines-baby-slap:False
reasons-admission-insane-asylum-1800s:Mixture
blm-ferguson-russia:Unproven
white-house-reality-show:False
black-raspberry-chocolate-chip-oreos:False
sour-honey-cure-cancer:Mostly False
malia-obama-expelled-harvard:False
united-airlines-remove-assad:False
a-spanish-mystery:Miscaptioned
donald-trump-new-mexico:False
trump-syria-airport-contract:False
hitler-chemical-weapons-spicer-assad:False
trump-raytheon-stock:Unproven
baby-carriage:Mostly False
united-airlines-seating-and-apparel:False
baseball-player-moe-berg-spy:Mostly True
perfume-robbers:False
blue-strawberries:False
natural-hair-low-self-esteem:False
mis-steak:False
gates-of-heaven:False
trump-bringing-back-draft:False
carson-hud-accounting-errors:Mostly False
obama-arrested-in-japan:False
evangelical-trump-gay:False
white-house-syria-publicity:False
obama-stiff-waiter-tip-lawrys:False
janitor-teens-life-insurance:False
dragon-skeleton-discovered-iceland:False
blood-of-jesus-flower:False
toilet-paper-on-toilet-seat:False
merging-oceans:Miscaptioned
babe-ruth-pinstripes:False
refried-beans:False
lawmakers-drink-raw-milk-get-sick:Unproven
buffet-eating-all-they-could:Unproven
tom-cotton-ex-gay:False
saudi-arabia-sandfalls:Mostly True
banana-injected-blood-hiv:False
ground-glass-deadly:False
female-named-hurricanes-death:Unproven
liberal-celebrities-assassination-plot:False
coal-mining-federal-lands-leases:Mixture
men-who-marry-chubby-women-are-happier:Unproven
deputy-muslim-refugees:False
trump-ivanka-chametz:False
alligator-selfie-hoax:False
a-celebrity-had-a-flat-tire-in-your-town:False
schumer-candidates-christian-beliefs:False
underground-city-cades-cove:False
epa-clean-power-plan-no-effect:Mixture
attack-squirrels-arrest:False
xbox-one-death:False
arizona-drug-welfare-recipients:False
gorsuch-unanimously-confirmed-2006:True
jacob-zuma-aircraft:Mostly False
justin-bieber-han-solo:False
immigrant-peanut-butter-sandwich:Unproven
244-inmates-fijian-prison:False
crime-sweden-part-ii-refugee-men-overrepresented-swedish-crime:Mostly False
walmart-attic-homeless-people:False
great-white-sharks-spotted-in-mississippi-river:False
jeff-sessions-disbarred:False
crime-sweden-rape-capital-europe:False
irs-satan-clubs:False
simba-gay-lion-king-remake:False
hagee-lesbians-flat:False
sweden-crime-no-go-zone-police:False
fluoroquinolone-antibiotics-tendon-damage:True
sessions-marijuana-abortions:False
meth-man-kills-zombies:False
melania-trump-jet:True
sharpton-murdered-terrorists:False
epa-grant-flint-water:Mixture
obama-white-house-statue:False
swift-kick-groin-die:Unproven
anthony-weiner-protective-custody:False
naked-juices-and-smoothies-formaldehyde:False
george-soros-death-hoax:False
hillary-clinton-fill-senate-seat:False
chevy-suburban-kills-baby:Miscaptioned
sophia-stewart-matrix-lawsuit:False
topiary-cats:False
rothschild-family-wealth:False
cheese-phone-pocket:False
georgia-bans-muslim-culture:False
rowan-atkinson-death-hoax:False
monkey-cosmetics-testing:False
tom-price-cancer-patients:False
european-parental-leave-benefits:True
trump-meals-on-wheels:Mixture
winston-churchill-on-the-arts:False
members-congress-health-care:Mixture
creation-schism:False
mike-pence-smoking:Mixture
confederate-flag-colors-religious:False
infant-twins-die-simultaneously-vaccines:Unproven
are-blue-balls-a-real-thing:True
pacer-test-banned:False
tilapia-consumption:Mixture
mark-zuckerberg-resignation:False
kay-jewelers-switching-out-diamonds:Unproven
mike-pence-staffers-die:False
letter-to-general-motors:True
pastor-eaten-by-crocodiles:False
whale-mackinac-great-lakes:False
clint-eastwood-death-hoax:False
chick-fil-a-mothers-day:False
kendra-shanice-reid-video:False
slime-health-risks:Mostly False
tucker-carlson-car-crash:False
bill-nye-extra-kids:False
popeyes-manager-chicken-cocaine:False
sean-spicer-shoes:Mixture
alabama-school-segregation:Mixture
astronauts-helmets-moon:False
native-americans-airplane-arrows:False
mike-pence-jesus-care:False
mlk-flip-off:False
obama-evicted-mansion:False
babysitter-transported-to-hospital:False
eighth-russian-tied-to-trump-dies:Unproven
was-megyn-kelly-fired-from-nbc:False
shepard-smith-fired-from-fox-news:False
franceska-mann:Mostly True
nytimes-wiretap-articles:False
pregnant-woman-muslim-refugee:False
left-hand-right-hand-death:False
betsy-devos-history-textbooks-bible:False
is-the-gops-obamacare-replacement-titled-worlds-greatest-healthcare-plan-of-2017:Mostly False
radioactive-salmon-fukushima:Mixture
robert-redford-and-meryl-streep-not-married:False
paul-ryan-birth-control-murder:False
obama-malcolm-x-king:False
georgian-speekle:Mostly False
buju-banton-death-hoax:False
knights-templar-caves-shropshire:Mostly False
california-ikea-trafficking:Unproven
nunes-flynn-turkey-meeting:Unproven
call-police-new-guinea-flatworm:Mostly False
dead-man-impregnates-woman:False
democrats-socialist-party-poster:True
hail-satan-hidden-10000-bill:False
supreme-court-justices-stand:Mostly False
cargo-container-women-savannah:Unproven
man-pardoned-by-obama-arrested-murder:False
dementor-figure-in-sky:False
lot-reserved-for-future-internment-camp:False
einstein-technology-quote:False
food-blank:Outdated
stairway-from-heaven:False
morgue-employee-cremated-nap:False
preymates:False
pence-anti-witchcraft:False
disney-gay-kiss:Mixture
ivana-trump-enlargement-pills:False
obama-prisoner-release:Mostly False
fire-fairy-game:Mixture
saturday-night-live-cancelled:False
false-tommy-chong-dead:False
trump-checks-to-retirees:False
drug-running-boat:True
deport-native-americans-india:False
lionesses-grow-manes:True
japanese-man-pile-pornography-crushed-killed:False
livin39-on-the-edge:True
obama-divorce-rumors:False
saudi-scientists-women:False
time-warner-decline-cnn:False
dead-peasant-insurance:Mixture
whoopi-goldberg-military-widows:False
trumps-cell-phone-leaks:False
fbi-arrest-warrant-obama:False
baby-wipes-recall:False
trumps-sons-detained-vancouver-airport:False
red-blood-cell-tip-needle:Mixture
fetus-can-send-stem-cells-repair-mothers-damaged-organs:Mostly True
7-year-old-implants:False
liberals-arrested-oscar-drug-raid:False
finger-chop-challenge:False
marijuana-legalization-violent-crime:False
blue-whale-game-suicides-russia:Unproven
george-soros-arrested:False
house-shield-from-prosecution:Mixture
mensez:Unproven
meth-lab-explosion-gas:False
do-airport-scanners-rip-apart-dna:False
scotus-nullify-the-2016-election:Outdated
democratic-congressmen-busted-planning-assassinate-trump:False
catch-me-outside-girl-arrested:False
marine-white-house-detail:False
audio-jake-tapper-racist-rant:False
americas-pediatricians-gender-kids:Mostly False
bill-murray-ice-cream-taxes:False
lords-name-in-bed:False
holocaust-museum-warning-signs-fascism:Mixture
democrats-stand-seal-widow:False
stephen-miller-white-power-hand-sign:False
ivanka-trump-with-vladimir-putin-and-wendi-murdoch:False
gerber-puffs:Unproven
pat-robertson-melania-cure:False
red-death:False
trump-obama-golf:Mostly True
violin-island-in-costa-rica:False
ben-carson-voter-fraud:Mostly True
magic-johnson-celebrity-crew:False
lbj-smothers-brothers:True
starbucks-trump-photo-floor:False
carlson-actor-couldnt-book-organizers:False
acesha-bright-murder:False
presidents-day:False
dasani-recalled-clear-parasite:False
mumbo-jumbo:False
cnn-fake-news:Mostly False
trump-restricting-welfare-for-deadbeats:False
andy-rooney-politics:Misattributed
obama-army-anti-trump-activists:False
congress-gun-legal-mental:Mixture
trump-michelle-obama-11-billion:False
roblox:Unproven
pope-francis-bad-catholics:Mixture
stephen-bannon-nobody-can-blame-you:False
sweden-massive-terror-attack:False
179-kids-missing-indiana-2017:Mixture
peppa-pig-causes-autism:False
nra-president-jim-porter-matter-time-can-colored-people:False
chick-fil-a-blacks:False
chaffetz-trump-probe:Unproven
trump-federal-troops-chicago:False
reginald-veljohnson-death-hoax:False
olive-oil-sagging-breasts:Unproven
pharmaceutical-companies-peanut-oil-vaccines:False
schools-banning-valentines-offends-muslims:False
tennessee-bill-children-illegitimate:Mixture
has-the-process-to-impeach-donald-trump-begun:False
nordstrom-chapter-11-baio-boycott:False
mccain-waters-russian-pranksters:Unproven
united-states-deporting-veterans:True
adolf-hitler-smashing-the-nucleus:Mostly True
ben-jerrys-impeachmint-ice-cream:False
lady-gaga-super-bowl-satanic-ritual:False
spacex-sending-deadly-pathogen:True
trump-putin-switzerland:False
muslim-refugee-france-video:Mostly False
trump-insult-minorities-disabilities-twitter:False
612-credit-for-deserving-americans:False
russian-spy-ship-east-coast:True
devos-40-percent-more-than-half:False
facebook-copy-and-paste-dont-share-hackers:False
did-trump-end-obamas-vacation-scam:False
jpl-scientist-cbp-phone:Unproven
poland-march-refugees:Mostly False
reggie-the-adopted-lab:False
the-metabo-law:Mostly False
bruce-springsteen-trump-letter:False
arcot-ramathorn-restriction:False
government-eliminating-test-strip-subsidy-for-diabetics:Mostly False
coretta-scott-king-thanked-jeff-sessions:Mostly False
secret-service-adds-emotional-protection-division:False
trump-call-trudeau-leader-igloo-people:False
trump-english-official-language:False
alexa-orders-dollhouse-and-cookies:Unproven
seniors-beware:False
punishment-reading-bible-saudi-arabia:False
new-arkansas-law-allows-rapists-sue-victims:False
planned-parenthood-abortion-quotas:Unproven
pluck-yew:False
simpsons-predict-trumps-death:False
tom-brady-flip-off-nfl-commissioner:False
national-prayer-breakfast-obama-trump:Mixture
fukushima-reactor-falling-into-ocean:False
lady-gaga-superbowl-simpsons:Mixture
cassidy-boon-drowning:False
fire-the-fool-rally:Mostly False
dr-seuss-adolf-wolf:True
abortion-breast-cancer-link:False
heir-raising-experience:True
mike-pence-laments-no-sacrifice:False
the-rock-running-for-president:False
white-house-dress-code:Unproven
trump-eo-vaccine-ban:False
trump-call-putin-disabled:Unproven
anderson-cooper-laughing-at-kellyanne-conway:False
trump-sanctions-russias-intelligence-agency-present-putin:Mostly False
mitch-mcconnell-one-of-my-proudest-moments:True
trump-terror-watch-program:Unproven
neil-gorsuchs-fascism-forever-club:False
non-citizens-vote-registered-dmv:Mostly False
trump-renamed-black-history-month:Mostly False
bannon-leninist-destroy-state:Unproven
caleb-lee-pizza-hut:False
syrian-girl-handcuffed-airport:Mixture
ufo-spotted-malaysia:False
boy-eating-butter-ad:False
false-vince-gilligan-announces-breaking-bad-season-6:False
muslims-chanting-on-video:False
plane-loses-wing:False
trump-considering-resignation:Unproven
kill-hibernating-bear:False
banana-kiwi-hoax-video:False
denis-voronenkov-paul-manafort:Unproven
leni-robredo-banned-us:False
challenger-crew-tape:False
paul-ryan-destroy-health-care:Mixture
melania-trump-nyc-costs:Unproven
uss-constitution:False
vince-foster-exhumed:False
steve-bannon-need-senate-confirmation-hearing-sit-nsc:Unproven
cair-muslims-above-law:Mixture
starbucks-welcomerefugees-promotion:False
trumps-muslim-ban-exclude-countries-businesses:True
trump-order-isis-leader-capture-jfk:False
president-obama-ban-muslims-2011:Mostly False
trump-transgenders-on-notice:False
trump-criticize-pm-trudeaus-social-media-use:False
washington-dc-girls-missing:Mixture
nasa-fossil-fuels-cool:False
timberland-ceo-boots:False
donald-trumps-mother-immigrant:Unproven
conway-racist-small-price-to-pay:False
melania-trumps-grandmother-soviet-soldier-olga-orlif:False
donald-trump-swastika-logo:False
25-million-fraud-votes-for-clinton:False
trump-building-concentration-camps:Mixture
chilis-planned-parenthood:Mostly False
rachel-maddow-trump-tweet:False
trump-photoshopped-hands:False
women-carry-anti-baby-signs-womens-march-washington:False
will-a-doomsday-asteroid-destroy-earth-in-february-2017:False
womens-march-photo-white-house:Mostly False
trump-immigration-order-obama:Mixture
do-farmers-feed-cows-skittles:True
can-you-hear-me-scam:Unproven
kellyanne-conway-fistfight:Unproven
kellyanne-conway-simplicity-pattern:False
trump-navajo-twitter:False
obama-released-millions-palestinians:Mixture
snl-writer-suspended-tweet-barron:True
mike-pence-conservatives-womens-march:False
bergdahl-promoted-obama:False
fbi-raids-cdc-vaccine-data:False
planned-parenthood-prenatal-care:Mostly False
drug-test-benefits-trump-tweet:False
unused-semen-bill:False
slutwalk-image-womens-march:False
mcnatt-racist-memo:False
netflix-to-be-discontinued:False
photographs-of-eiffel-tower-at-night:Mixture
pope-changing-commandments:False
iowa-students-apologize:Mixture
veterans-suicide-hotline:False
disney-turkey-leg-emu:False
obama-biological-father-lawsuit:False
us-pulling-out-of-un:Mostly False
chagas-disease:True
monopoly-games-escape-kits:True
nps-twitter-account-shut-down:True
mlk-bust-oval-office:False
is-barack-obama-more-self-referential-than-donald-trump:Mixture
whitehouse-promoting-melania-trumps-qvc-products:Mostly True
clinton-foundation-dead-contributions-dry:Mixture
trump-military-inaugural-parade:Unproven
canada-border-privacy-hedge:False
donald-trump-purge-slogan:True
white-house-comment-shutdown:Mostly False
biden-woman-gun-photo:False
obama-salute-marine-one-video:False
highway-sign-consider-canada:False
trump-kkk-cross-burning:False
john-lewis-avoided-paying-taxes-d-c-townhouse:Unproven
did-two-men-cut-off-dogs-ears:True
trump-staged-speechwriting-picture:False
homeless-woman-frozen-baby:Mixture
church-mock-trump-sign:False
russia-trump-coin:Mixture
white-house-web-site-trump-changes:Mixture
coretta-scott-king-criticize-jeff-sessions-record:True
obama-offensive-comments-hot-mic:False
chinese-selling-fresh-air:Mixture
vanilla-ice-cream-black:False
nazi-remains-giant-catfish:False
quick-thinking-mom-saves-family:False
aclu-police-remove-body-cams-inauguration-protests:Mostly False
mike-pence-disappointed-womens-march:False
paid-protesters-donald-trumps-inauguration:False
trump-inaugural-address-plagiarism:False
california-college-students-castrating-trumps-wall:False
did-the-soviet-union-ban-microwaves-due-to-health-concerns:False
motorcycle-group-trump-inauguration:False
pope-francis-condemn-trump-travel-ban:Mostly False
justin-trudeau-waters-a-tree-in-the-rain:False
bihn-label:Mixture
mike-pence-muslim-ban-offensive:True
rather-ends-retirement-donald-trump:Mixture
william-h-macy-death-hoax:False
the-horrifying-homecoming:True
nancy-pelosi-arrested-coup-attempt:False
sean-spicer-felony-note:False
bill-gates-vaccinations-depopulation:False
genetic-testing-bill:Mixture
snoop-dogg-inauguration-threat:Mostly False
obamacare-royalties:False
four-things-about-king:Mostly False
trump-revokes-press-credentials-six-news-outlets:False
michelle-obama-ditched-by-secret-service:False
el-chapo-hillary-clinton-donation:False
paul-ryan-blocking-calls-and-faxes:Mixture
change-channel-on-inauguration:Mostly False
james-okeefe-planning-infiltrate-womens-march-dc:Unproven
rajon-rondo-traded-for-anthony-davis-rumor:False
thousands-muslims-leave-united-states-trumps-election:Mixture
trump-fired-cecil-gaines:False
betsy-devos-demand-classroom-globes-flattened:False
lunar-eclipses-full-moons:True
sarah-palin-blames-mexican-muslims:False
murder-rate-highest-in-47-years:False
trump-supporter-kick-pregnant-woman:Mixture
devos-family-campaign-contributions:True
obamacare-and-the-affordable-care-act:Unproven
elongated-skulls-found-peru-aliens:False
people-versus-rotating-bar:False
vladimir-putin-to-sing-at-trumps-inauguration:False
meryl-streep-applaud-roman-polanski:True
gravity-payments-ceo-rent-house:Mixture
sherri-shepherd-death-hoax:False
trump-fire-all-politically-appointed-ambassadors-unprecedented:Mixture
hillary-clinton-800000-votes-non-citizens:False
trump-filed-reelection-stop-political-speech-nonprofits:False
palestinian-boy-shot-photo:Miscaptioned
adam-sandler-death-hoax-2:False
trump-vigo-the-carpathian:False
small-child-handcuffed-at-dulles:False
facebook-standing-rock-dhs-fbi:False
neil-gorsuch-yearbook:True
richardson-immigration-ban-was-a-shock-event:Correct Attribution
trackdown-trump-character-wall:True
ordering-angel-shot-potentially-life-saving-women:Mixture
false-blue-monday:False
terrorist-attacks-entry-restriction:Mixture
fashion-craven:False
wheaties-cereal-sticks-to-magnets-because-it-iron:True
man-lock-daughter-cage-snapchat:False
are-people-identifying-as-clovergender:False
norwegian-cartoon-banned-twitter-facebook:False
did-cnn-alter-esteban-santiagos-photograph:False
bob-denver-dead-again:False
jesse-owens-and-hitler-handshake:False
trump-economy-crashing-quote:Correct Attribution
deray-mckesson-tweet-chicago:False
anti-trump-protesters-killed-on-freeway:False
meryl-streep-fired:False
express-gender-symbol:True
australia-animal-brothel:False
did-obama-award-himself-a-distinguished-public-service-medal:Mostly False
man-sentenced-22-years-remote:Mixture
president-executive-order-colds-er:False
grape-juice-prevent-stomach-flu:Unproven
supreme-court-rules-drivers-licenses-unnecessary:False
young-boy-kidnapped-in-pennsylvania:Outdated
turtle-misshapen-rubber-band:Mostly True
donald-trump-regretful-tweet:False
hairy-spider-monkey-found-mars:False
report-vermont-power-grid-infiltrated-by-russian-hackers:Mostly False
malia-obama-highest-paid-heir-in-the-world:False
oprah-tyler-perry-facebook-giveaway:False
bristol-palin-artists-inauguration-love-trump:False
experimental-nazi-missile-aimed-at-u-s:False
cashews-equivalent-to-a-dose-of-prozac:False
joel-osteen-offered-5000-exchange-revealing-gods-plan:False
key-crime:False
semen-reduces-plaque-and-tartar:False
trump-tower-billboard-in-mumbai:True
social-security-recipients-barred-from-owning-guns:Mixture
navy-raccoon-breathalyzer:False
lawmakers-criminalize-peaceful-protest:Mixture
carl-sagans-foreboding-of-an-america:True
elector-suicide:False
snowflake-nazi-term-holocaust:False
obama-melania-trumps-backside:False
obamas-daughters-arrested-hawaii:False
text-count-me-to-89800:Mixture
federal-judge-rule-police-can-legally-shoot-kill-dogs:Mixture
man-charged-driving-influence-caffeine:False
wisconsin-department-natural-resources-removes-references-climate-website:True
sinbad-movie-shazaam:False
stevie-wonder-death-hoax:False
obama-signs-christmas-bill-making-alternative-media-illegal:Mostly False
meryl-streep-morgan-freeman-futures-parents:False
trump-threatened-military-action-against-mexico:False
are-diners-obligated-to-pay-mandatory-gratuity-or-tip-charges:Mixture
are-former-presidents-snubbing-trumps-inauguration:False
is-catherine-elizabeth-clennans-gofundme-campaign-authentic:Unproven
degrasse-tyson-robbed-a-dope-dealer-in-harlem:False
more-votes-than-voters-in-detroit:Mixture
little-boys-headstone-removed-single-complaint:True
siri-charge-phone-police:Mostly False
boxing-day:False
celebrity-death-hoax-wwes-big-show:False
russia-reached-saturn:False
carl-paladino-obama-comments:Correct Attribution
chris-collins-john-lewis-spoiled-chimp:False
walmart-seizure-robbery:Mixture
the-claus-that-refreshes:False
mlk-our-lives-begin-to-end:Mixture
harrison-ford-trump-han-solo:False
trump-no-wash-trick:False
government-mlk-assassination:Mostly False
obama-led-u-n-pay-blacks-reparations:False
baby-eaten-giant-rats:Unproven
kuwait-moves-event-four-seasons-trump-hotel:Unproven
tom-arnold-reports-racist-recordings-donald-trump:Unproven
are-walmart-holiday-rawhide-bones-toxic-to-dogs:False
lancasters-centerville-elementary-school-cancels-offensive-christmas-play:Unproven
man-found-decapitated-castrated-behind-walmart-store:True
coil-mattresses-cause-cancer-amplifying-radio-waves:False
snowfall-in-the-sahara:True
did-delta-eject-passenger-adam-saleh-for-speaking-arabic:False
trumps-budget-director-pick-asked-really-need-government-funded-research:True
are-cavities-contagious:Mixture
will-tonight-be-the-darkest-night-in-500-years:False
donald-trump-threatens-arrest-alec-baldwin:False
are-thieves-stealing-license-plates-in-a-carjacking-scheme:False
rudy-giuliani-banned-from-twitter-for-pizzagate-tweets:False
daily-stormer-whitefish-montana:True
former-british-ambassador-says-he-not-russia-is-the-dnc-leaker:Unproven
russian-flag-texas-capitol:Mixture
trump-takes-victory-tour-moscows-red-square:False
drunk-man-has-sex-with-snowman:False
hackers-peace-sign-fingerprints:Unproven
army-sniper-shoot-intruders:False
hillary-clinton-rated-admired-woman-twenty-times:True
raggedy-ann-vaccine-death:Mostly False
hillary-clintons-premature-celebration:Unproven
southern-illinois-university-social-justice-warriors:False
ugly-laws:True
did-30000-cows-freeze-to-death-in-a-winter-storm:Mixture
russian-law-firm-of-the-year:Mixture
claim-bugs-found-in-ferrero-rocher-candy:Unproven
twitter-delete-trump-account-racism:False
u-s-trump-intelligence-russia:Unproven
hollywood-strike-trump-resigns:False
sensitive-personal-information-police-officers:Mostly True
the-unknown-soldiers:True
elizabeth-warren-muslims-tolerance:False
white-bic-lighter-deaths:False
bee-venom-kills-hiv:Mixture
hollywood-sign-altered-hollyweed:True
former-clinton-foundation-ceo-missing:False
foot-note:Unproven
obama-pardoned-c-murder:False
mitch-mcconnell-blocked-investigating-russian-hacks:Mixture
targets-sharia-compliant-lanes:False
was-a-chinese-restaurant-in-florida-shuttered-for-serving-dog-meat:False
republican-congress-approved-trump-tv:Mostly False
burglars-return-stolen-computers:True
what-is-the-bottom-drawer-of-an-oven-really-for:Mixture
photograph-shows-young-carrie-fisher-watching-debbie-reynolds-on-stage:True
black-police-officers-likely-kill-black-people:Unproven
john-amos-dead:False
did-donald-trump-appoint-sarah-palin-as-a-science-advisor:False
alcohol-radioactive:False
cnn-and-msnbc-ratings:True
joan-miro-painting-sold-for-37-million:True
freedom-concert:Mostly False
las-vegas-now-powered-entirely-renewable-energy:Mostly True
crew-of-air-force-one-refuses-to-fly-obama-6000-miles-just-to-play-golf:False
salt-lamps-cure-everything:False
podesta-emails-show-3-prominent-republicans-on-clinton-payroll:False
menstrual-cramps-are-as-painful-as-a-heart-attack:Unproven
national-security-agencies-on-high-alert-after-trump-caught-telling-dangerous-lie:False
minnesota-vikings-open-their-stadium-to-shelter-the-homeless:False
bandits-posing-as-gas-company-workers:False
holiday-safe-ride-program:Mixture
trump-hotels-lease-violation-action-alert:Unproven
boston-bruins-fan-sign:False
democrats-file-treason-charges-against-trump:False
national-park-service-denying-inauguration-protest-permits:Mostly False
hiv-in-canned-food-warning:False
did-macys-pull-support-from-planned-parenthood:Unproven
pussy-quipped:False
18-inches-of-bullet-casings-cover-chicago-streets:False
alien-caught-on-kerala-karnataka-border:Miscaptioned
maureen-dowd-election-therapy:Misattributed
blood-type-diets-actually-rooted-science:Unproven
will-landlines-eventually-dial-911-or-emergency-services-if-left-off-the-hook:False
swedish-church-vandalized-housing-muslim-refugees:Unproven
southern-baptist-convention-buys-chick-fil:False
liberals-demand-offensive-wwi-memorial-torn:Mixture
cheapskate-brags-pressuring-waiter-5-tip:Legend
star-wars-anti-trump-scene:False
black-homeless-woman-says-trump-allowed-live-trump-tower-rent-free:False
paul-ryan-said-free-lunches-give-children-empty-souls:Mostly False
john-kerry-daughter-nonprofit:Unproven
bacon-sandwich-reported-offensive-facebook:False
highway-plays-america-beautiful:True
target-blocks-israel-e-commerce-access:Mostly False
nordstrom-selling-rock-leather-pouch-85:True
annie-glenn:True
peta-lobster-rescue-in-nebraska-kills-captive-creatures:Unproven
santas-phone-number:False
mcdonalds-mitten-cups:False
the-pizzagate-survivor:False
5-year-old-boy-dies-in-santas-arms:Unproven
everyone-who-has-cancer-has-a-ph-that-is-too-acidic:False
muslim-man-slaps-christian-woman:False
fact-check-mcdonalds-creates-nutella-burger:True
white-house-press-secretary-say-wwii-vets-upset-japan-visit-get:Mostly False
clinton-portrait-hung-christmas-decorations-white-house:Mostly False
united-airlines-begin-charging-use-overhead-storage:Mostly False
donald-trump-carrier-stock:False
native-american-scouts-long-hair-provided-almost-supernatural-tracking-abilities-vietnam-war:False
dakota-access-pipeline-continuing-despite-denied-easement:Unproven
obama-urges-soldiers-question-trumps-authority:Mixture
carrier-jobs-to-mexico-despite-trump-deal:True
trump-cancels-obamas-muslim-ritual:False
christmas-tree-probably-not-full-lyme-disease-bearing-ticks:Mostly False
lord-rings-donut:False
no-nativity-scenes-white-house:False
father-mourns-wife-children-killed-car-crash:False
image-child-organ-trafficking-victims-thailand:Miscaptioned
newport-introduces-marijuana-cigarettes-on-sale-worldwide:False
harry-david-says-company-neutral-racism-neo-nazis:Mostly False
university-forced-students-to-wear-hijabs-for-event:Mostly False
ben-carson-abortions-create-baby-ghosts-haunt-hospitals:False
fisher-price-happy-hour-playset:False
kfc-really-create-chicken-scented-candle:True
syrian-rescue-organization-the-white-helmets-are-terrorists:False
morton-county-sheriff-kyle-kirchmeiers-twitter-account:False
women-need-more-sleep-than-men-because-their-brains-work-harder:Mostly False
harvard-professor-wants-electoral-college-to-reject-trump:True
did-every-single-school-marching-band-in-dc-just-boycott-trumps-inauguration:Mostly False
muslim-migrants-tore-down-a-christmas-tree-in-italy:False
trump-to-ban-all-television-shows-that-promote-gay-activity:False
scientists-find-australian-berry-can-cure-cancer-48-hours:Mixture
ohio-state-university-staffer-asked-for-sympathy-for-campus-attacker:Unproven
giant-squid-found-in-new-zealand:False
are-standing-rock-protesters-being-sprayed-with-chemicals-from-crop-duster-planes:False
levi-strauss-banned-guns-from-stores:Mostly False
comcasts-car-crash:True
vintage-pyrex-contains-unsafe-levels-of-lead:Unproven
trump-staffer-convicted-of-felony-election-fraud:Unproven
thomas-edisons-mom-lied-about-a-letter-expelling-her-son-from-school:Mostly False
christian-owned-airlines-change-wing-light-colors-to-celebrate-christmas:False
justin-trudeau-is-fidel-castros-love-child:False
jeff-sessions-slammed-protections-for-disabled-students:True
can-the-25th-amendment-prevent-a-trump-presidency:True
obama-was-going-to-castros-funeral-until-trump-told-him-this:False
breitbart-news-app-removed-from-the-apple-store:Mostly False
dapl-routed-through-standing-rock-after-bismarck-residents-said-no:Mixture
ace-hardware-stands-against-standing-rock:Unproven
tim-kaine-blamed-guns-for-knife-attack:Mixture
trumps-latest-staff-pick-outed-dying-gay-brother:Unproven
will-a-deadline-of-1-january-2017-kill-the-dakota-access-pipeline:Mixture
in-wake-of-election-obama-passes-executive-order-banning-all-fake-news-outlets:False
does-donald-trump-own-a-stake-in-the-dakota-access-pipeline:Unproven
woman-stabs-boyfriend-for-having-sex-with-a-turkey-carcass:False
bbc-accused-of-faking-shots-for-planet-earth-2:Unproven
michigan-is-about-to-sell-100-million-gallons-of-groundwater-to-nestle-for-200:Mixture
donald-trump-brokers-deal-with-carrier-to-keep-jobs-in-america:Mostly True
jill-stein-caught-embezzling-recount-funds-for-marijuana-dinner-party:False
chase-and-wells-fargo-among-banks-financing-dakota-pipeline:Mostly True
ivanka-trump-will-move-into-white-house-to-fill-melanias-vacancy:False
syrian-war-victims-are-being-recycled-and-al-quds-hospital-was-never-bombed:False
florida-moves-for-full-recount-of-state-votes-over-massive-voter-fraud:False
first-recorded-marijuana-overdose-occurs-hours-after-massachusetts-legalization:False
driverless-uber-runs-red-light:True
plane-crash-video-disappearing-from-the-internet:Mixture
keanu-reeves-tragic-story:Mostly True
mall-santa-beat-up-child-molester:False
colorado-birth-control-facts:Mostly True
can-marijuana-help-heal-broken-bones:Mostly True
donald-trump-themed-ornaments-made-in-china:Unproven
betsy-devos-education-secretary:Mixture
fidel-castro:False
corona-founder-made-every-person-in-his-village-a-millionaire:False
long-lost-wedding-ring-found-around-carrot:True
ivanka-trump-said-if-donald-trump-wasnt-her-father-she-would-mace-him:False
nigerian-baby-born-with-message-of-christs-second-coming:False
activists-target-big-box-chain-target-with-holiday-boycott:True
trump-to-strike-down-obamas-regulation-expanding-overtime:Mixture
public-assistance-barbie:False
giants-in-japan:False
sarah-palin-calls-boycott-mall-america-santa-always-white-bible:False
cnn-half-hour-porn:False
trump-appoints-bill-cosby-as-secretary-for-womens-rights:False
chris-christie-arrested-for-keying-trumps-limo:False
wisconsin-recount-observers-find-voting-machines-broken-seals:False
texas-high-school-students-fake-trump-assassination:True
alt-right-hail-trump-salute:True
hillary-clinton-regularly-had-her-maid-print-classified-documents:Unproven
hamilton-non-white-casting-call:True
paul-ryan-conducting-obamacare-phone-survey:True
pizzagate-conspiracy:False
trump-team-accidentally-reveals-extreme-immigration-plan:Mixture
donald-trump-says-the-earth-is-flat:False
secret-pancakes-on-5-bill:False
buzz-aldrin-tweeted-we-are-all-in-danger-it-is-evil-itself:False
muslim-pushed-woman-down-stairs:Unproven
global-sea-ice-at-a-record-breaking-low:True
democrats-sharia-law:False
woman-develops-iq-of-220-after-drinking-sperm-every-day-for-a-year:False
soccer-chapecoense-fined-forfeiting:False
trump-says-africans-are-poor-because-they-think-of-sex-instead-of-farming:False
raising-cane:False
trees-stars-milky-way:True
mike-pences-gay-past:False
liberalism-summed-up-in-10-seconds:False
black-friday-2:False
our-days-feel-shorter-because-time-is-literally-speeding-up:False
melania-trump-and-the-dakota-access-pipeline-protests:False
donald-trump-says-hell-legalize-weed-in-every-state:False
tony-and-john-podesta-match-madeleine-mccann-police-sketches:Mostly False
did-the-communist-party-of-the-usa-endorse-hillary-clinton:False
neighborhood-town-watch-threatens-muslim-neighbors:Unproven
can-ghost-peppers-burn-a-hole-in-your-esophagus:Mostly False
liberal-college-millennials-less-biologically-fit:False
trump-to-repurpose-uss-enterprise-into-floating-hotel-and-casino:False
new-york-police-takes-rutgers-professor-for-psychological-evaluation-over-political-tweet:Mixture
most-trump-protesters-didnt-vote:Unproven
mexican-supermarket-taking-donations-for-trump-border-wall:False
woman-runs-husband-down-with-suv-because-he-voted-for-trump:False
three-million-votes-in-presidential-election-cast-by-illegal-aliens:Unproven
texas-birth-certificates-illegals:Outdated
hunter-nearly-killed-by-brutal-sexual-assault-from-moose:False
lady-gagas-arrested-for-twitter-attack-on-melania-trump:False
bill-clinton-in-the-nude:False
pepsi-ceo-tells-trump-supporters-to-take-their-business-elsewhere:Mostly False
assange-asks-for-pardon:Mostly False
republican-senate-candidate-tells-melania-trump-to-sterilize-the-white-house:False
offended-muslims-attack-christmas-tree:False
police-horse-kicks-blm-protester:Mostly False
monsanto-suppressing-evidence-of-cancerous-herbicide-in-food:False
anti-trump-protesters-block-ambulance:Unproven
backless-booster-seat-ban:False
hillary-clinton-staged-hiking-photograph:Unproven
three-wisconsin-counties-admit-they-padded-votes-for-trump:False
beef-tallow-in-new-5-notes:True
baby-dies-of-vicks-vaporub-poisoning:Unproven
ford-from-mexico-to-ohio:Mostly False
was-a-minnesota-man-jailed-for-having-a-windmill-on-his-property:Mostly False
edward-snowden-said-russia-successfully-rigged-u-s-elections-in-favor-of-trump:False
obama-sets-record-with-572-pages-of-new-regulations-in-one-day:Mostly False
the-gap-is-using-merry-christmas-signs-instead-of-happy-holidays:Unproven
trump-tower-name-changed-to-dump-tower-in-google-maps:True
russian-billboard-features-trump-and-putin:True
kid-rock-dumbfckistan-t-shirt:False
trump-picks-el-chapo-to-run-dea:False
celebrity-cruise-lines-attacks-trump-and-his-supporters-in-new-ad:Mostly False
muslim-beats-boy-for-having-blue-eyes:False
trump-clinton-counties-won:False
tom-and-jerry-committed-suicide:Mostly False
army-style-muslim-migrants-marching-to-fight-in-germany:False
colonel-sanders:Mixture
general-james-mattis-insulted-anti-war-protesters:Unproven
anti-trump-protesters-destroy-america:False
obama-permanently-protected-planned-parenthood-from-defunding:Mixture
yale-cancels-midterms-after-students-were-upset-by-trumps-win:Mostly False
did-senate-dems-vote-en-masse-to-cut-veterans-pensions:True
melania-trump-ivanka-trump-wearing-transparent-shirts:False
dakota-meyer-banned:Unproven
muslim-woman-told-to-hang-herself-with-hijab-at-walmart:False
trump-described-the-electoral-college-as-a-disaster:True
donald-trump-said-kiss-your-section-8-welfare-and-medicaid-goodbye:False
donald-trump-was-born-in-pakistan:False
can-clean-coal-actually-reduce-carbon-emissions:Unproven
military-absentee-ballots-clinton:False
hillary-clinton-files-for-divorce-in-new-york-courts:False
black-mob-beats-white-man-for-voting-trump:Mixture
300000-wisconsin-voters-turned-away-due-to-voter-id-laws:Unproven
police-calm-millennial-protesters-by-handing-out-participation-trophies:False
donald-trump-removed-pro-life-from-his-policies:False
obama-signs-executive-order-declaring-investigation-into-election-results:False
mike-pence-marriage-licenses:Mixture
baltimore-prosecutor-deletes-election-day-ballot-picture:True
get-out-of-the-vote:False
trump-taps-outspoken-climate-denier-to-oversee-epa-transition-team:True
fake-cigarettes-are-being-sold-and-killing-people:False
al-capone-woman-president:False
middle-finger-to-the-lord:False
eric-trump-tweets-illegal-ballot-selfie:True
catholic-priest-put-aborted-fetus-on-altar:True
death-penalty:True
clinton-staffers-ready-emp:False
did-john-f-kennedy-predict-his-own-assassination:Unproven
audit-the-vote:False
student-loan-forgiveness-scam:False
david-brooks-trump-needs-to-decide-if-he-prefers-to-resign-be-impeached-or-get-assassinated:False
hillary-caught-trashing-beyonce:False
coconut-oil-improves-focus-and-cognition:Unproven
girls-impregnated-swimming-in-pool:False
john-podesta-spirit-cooking:False
fbi-agent-murder-suicide:False
dunkin-donuts-holiday-cup:False
summer-zervos-paid-500000:Unproven
russians-hacked-my-crowd:False
life-expectancy-in-the-united-states-declining-thanks-to-obamacare:False
louisiana-priests-dont-have-to-report-sexual-abuse:Mostly True
huma-abedin-ties-to-terrorists:Unproven
matthew-mcconaughey-endorsed-donald-trump:False
starbucks-christmas-cups-satanism:False
hillary-clinton-accidentally-gave-isis-400-million:False
study-suggests-humans-can-literally-feed-off-each-others-energy:False
clinton-cancels-rally-due-to-lock-her-up-chants:False
ginger-baker-beats-burglars-senseless-sodomizes-one-with-walking-stick:False
nypd-raids-hillary-clintons-property:False
clinton-underage-sex-ring:False
obama-warren-unfollow-hillary-clinton:Mostly False
drinking-tequila-health-benefits:Mostly False
chris-matthews-endorses-trump:False
liar-in-hillary-clintons-name:True
homeland-security-indicts-hillary:False
manafort-ties-to-russia:True
epidural-vaccine-targets-blacks:False
dont-selfie-your-ballot:Mixture
trump-convoy-caught-spewing-racism-on-cb-radios:Unproven
clinton-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z:False
civil-blights-movement:True
michelle-obama-scrubs-twitter:False
clinton-newsweek-cover:Mixture
hillary-clinton-communes-with-the-spirit-of-eleanor-roosevelt:Mostly True
fbi-director-james-comeys-trump-sign:Unproven
marijuana-responsible-colorado-crime-increase:Unproven
nbc-accidentally-posts-election-results-a-week-early:Mostly False
kaine-yelling-at-his-mistress:False
anonymous-donor-pays-2-5-million:Unproven
hillary-clinton-bought-137-million-worth-of-illegal-arms:False
trump-server-tied-to-russian-bank:Unproven
queen-offers-to-restore-british-rule-over-united-states:False
changing-early-votes:Mixture
being-single-is-a-disability:Unproven
nc-hillary-supporter-votes-multiple-times:False
spooked-clinton-campaign-manager-deleted-tweets:False
white-house-cancels-all-obama-appearances:False
germany-allows-child-marriages:False
dogs-99-percent-wolf:True
fox-news-benghazi-probe-hoax:False
ecstasy-halloween-candy:Mostly False
hillary-clinton-and-draftourdaughters:False
hillary-clinton-topless-1960s:False
donna-brazile-leaves-cnn:True
male-birth-control-study:Mixture
dad-posted-picture-of-baby-holding-gun-on-facebook-just-before-she-shot-herself:False
clinton-paying-halfway-house-residents-300-per-vote:False
paul-ryans-wife-is-a-liberal-who-voted-twice-for-obama:Unproven
manipulated-photograph-of-bill-clinton-crowd:False
russia-paid-donald-trump-millions-of-dollars:Mostly False
confessions-for-the-holidays:Mixture
phone-exploding-in-ceelo-greens-face:False
government-to-microchip-citizens:False
dylann-roof-john-christian-graas:False
huma-abedin-insurance:Unproven
no-celebrities-will-perform-at-trump-inauguration:Unproven
salvation-army-bellringers-sign-about-the-gays:Miscaptioned
make-a-wish-touchdown:False
trumps-first-order-flag-burning:Mostly False
1922-new-york-times-hitler:True
obama-hillary-blanket-pardon:False
trump-sends-unpresidented-tweet:True
abortion-rates-presidencies:False
maryland-refusing-electoral-college:False
afghan-foster-child-jihadi:Unproven
loretta-lynch-pleads-fifth-over-iran-payment:Mostly False
hillary-clinton-broomstick-one:Unproven
6000-muslims-caught-border:Mostly False
putin-gives-obama-ultimatum:False
supreme-court-confirms-20-year-prison-sentence-for-ex-vp-dick-cheney:False
energy-ceo-disparages-dirty-natives:Unproven
spanish-dancer-jellyfish:False
clinton-supporter-defecated-on-sign:False
30000-scientists-reject-climate-change:Mostly False
wikileaks-clintons-purchase-200-million-maldives-estate:False
texas-vote-switching:Mostly False
jimmy-john-liautaud-hunting-photos:True
scientists-solve-bermuda-triangle:False
brad-pitt-endorses-trump:False
cheryl-mills-leaked-email:False
trump-removes-name-from-hotels:Mixture
michael-moore-endorsed-donald-trump:False
pat-buchanan-said-things-were-better-in-the-50s-when-everyone-knew-their-place:False
wisconsin-clerk-blocks-campus-voting:False
strange-signals-are-probably-extraterrestrial:Mostly False
african-billionaire-million-leave:False
michael-kors-dog-fur-petition:False
eric-braverman-seeks-asylum-in-russia:False
hillary-clinton-threw-a-tantrum-with-matt-lauer:False
machine-voting-pens-switching-votes:Unproven
statue-of-liberty-made-from-aleppo-rubble:False
crook-county:False
daith-piercing-migraines:Unproven
al-smith-dinner-sticker:False
ribbon-seal:True
oregon-ballot-omits-donald-trump:False
putin-gmo-evolution:Unproven
people-like-donald-trump:False
fake-anti-marijuana-picture-rips-off-walking-dead-producer:False
health-insurance-under-the-affordable-care-act-costs-hundreds-or-thousands-per-month:Mixture
sweden-bans-christmas-lights:False
trump-forehead-tattoo:False
biden-blames-lazy-american-women:False
doctors-warn-baby-wipes:Mostly False
chelsea-clinton-george-soros-nephew:False
grandparents-to-get-all-their-grandchildren-every-weekend:False
amish-trump-presidential-victory:False
carter-reagan-polls:Mixture
steve-bartman-wins-3-7-million:False
mailed-ballots-require-extra-postage:Mixture
dance-of-the-pope-virus-hoax:False
back-to-the-future-prediction:False
clinton-four-minute-nuclear:False
san-francisco-tech-assange:False
trump-traffic-accusations:Mixture
clinton-town-to-change-name:False
bob-dylan-rejects-nobel:False
obama-signs-eo-loser-leaves-us:False
obama-demands-monument:False
trump-refuse-salary:True
dalai-lama-trump-worse-than-hitler:False
bernie-sanders-rigged-unendorse:Mostly False
marian-robinson-pension:False
soap-dope:Unproven
rupaul-claims-trump-touched-him:False
trump-jr-women-workforce:True
urine-into-electricity:Mixture
doctor-who-treated-hillary-clinton-dies:False
mike-pence-calls-michelle-obama-vulgar:False
reverse-cavities-with-vitamin-d:False
taxpayers-air-force-one:Mixture
russian-tv-host-reports-on-plot-to-kill-trump:False
sarah-palin-lewd-comments:False
hillary-clinton-grab-crotch:False
stalin-vote-count-quote:Mixture
wikileaks-exposes-clinton-assassination-of-antonin-scalia:False
whole-foods-market-bans-gendered-language:Mostly False
tim-kaine-ban-catholic-church:False
fake-trump-groping-plot:False
scientists-pronounce-great-barrier-reef-dead:False
hillary-clintons-positive-political-ads:False
jason-pierre-paul-blows-off-other-hand-after-his-samsung-galaxy-note-7-explodes:False
ezra-taft-benson-vote:Unproven
marmite-cures-premature-ejaculation:Mixture
mike-pences-father-ran-whites-only-gas-stations:Unproven
john-podesta-discussed-alien-technology-with-former-nasa-astronaut:Mixture
jill-stein-endorsed-donald-trump:False
defcon-warning-level-escalated-to-3:False
police-shoot-coal-miner:False
hillary-hemispheric-government:False
leaked-videos-clinton-voter-fraud:False
huge-crowd-at-trump-rally-in-panama-city-florida:Miscaptioned
g-w-bush-lost-22-million-e-mails:Mixture
newsweek-proves-that-wikileaks-is-leaking-phony-hillary-clinton-emails:False
bad-lie-golf-joke:False
airplane-forced-to-make-emergency-landing-odor:False
clown-purge-on-halloween:False
michele-bachmann-columbus-day:False
intelligence-is-inherited-only-from-your-mother:Unproven
hillary-sand-wikileaks-dump:Mostly False
trump-divorce-breast-implants:Unproven
clinton-compliant-citizenry:False
michelle-monitor-family-members:False
hillary-clinton-secretly-opposes-equality:False
putin-cancels-campaign-event-with-trump:False
clinton-supreme-court-purpose:False
u-s-caught-repainting-fighter-jets-to-russian-colors:False
monica-lewinsky-voting-for-hillary-clinton:False
robert-de-niro-went-off-on-donald-trump:True
journal-endorses-911-conspiracy-theory:False
melania-trump-wore-pussy-bow:True
ben-and-jerrys-hate-cops:False
usain-bolt-donated-10-million-to-haiti:False
bee-species-endangered:Mixture
phone-eye-cancer-photo:False
obama-demands-rib:Mostly False
hillary-calls-voters-bucket-of-losers:False
flu-shot-avoidance:False
melania-announces-backing-hillary:False
leaked-e-mail-clinton-foundation-john-oliver:False
tim-kaine-yells-at-his-daughter:False
presidential-erection:Unproven
clown-masks-banned:False
daytona-international-speedway-flooded:Miscaptioned
joyce-meyer-dead-at-73:False
pence-law-forcing-fetus-funerals:Mostly False
dolphin-caught-in-hurricane-winds:False
kanye-west-wanted-for-jewelry-insurance-scam:False
quail-fail:False
jfk-marijuana-use:Unproven
kristian-saucier:Mixture
killer-clown-warning-note:False
turban-outfitters:Mostly False
jodi-arias-to-be-released:False
tim-kaine-fired-police-chaplains:False
authorities-authorize-public-to-shoot-and-kill-clowns:False
creepy-shrine-to-missing-persons-in-new-york-woods:False
50-foot-megalodon-video:False
four-armed-ufo-spotted-by-international-space-station:Unproven
mike-pence-supported-gay-conversion-therapy:Mixture
department-of-justice-says-efforts-to-stop-voter-fraud-are-illegal:Mostly False
voter-fraud-in-2016-primary:False
hillary-laughs-as-under-god-removed-from-pledge:Mixture
ramsey-orta-jailed:Mostly False
betty-white-death-hoax:False
melania-trump-files-for-divorce:False
bbc-weather-reporter-cursed:False
mike-pence-conversion-therapy:False
woman-sets-her-husband-on-fire-for-raping-daughter:Mostly True
blm-thug-shoots-himself-taking-selfie-with-gun-in-protest-of-trump:False
harvard-study-confirms-tibetan-monks-can-raise-body-temperature-with-their-minds:True
hillary-clinton-buys-weather-channel-ads-during-hurricane-matthew:True
russians-drill-nuclear-strike:Mixture
man-hit-by-raft:False
revocation-of-independence:Misattributed
angelina-jolie-send-children-back:False
spongebob-squarepants-cancelled:False
keyser-snowze:False
australia-becomes-first-country-to-begin-microchipping:False
donald-trump-didnt-say-vets-with-ptsd-are-weak:Mostly False
woman-mistaken-for-clown-shot:False
man-dressed-as-clown-shot:False
bill-clinton-illegitimate-son:Unproven
clinton-kerry-nominated-for-nobel-peace-prize:False
new-york-television-station-broadcasts-bizarre-warning-before-hoboken-train-crash:True
does-the-supplement-inteligen-increase-intelligence:Unproven
trump-wedding-toast:False
leonardo-dicaprio-trump:False
mcdonalds-employee-smuggles-mcnuggets:False
hillary-clinton-teleprompter-debate:False
donald-trump-lumberton-nc:True
can-you-vote-online-with-a-hashtag:False
no-way-no-jay:False
recalled-tampons-zombie-ants:False
false-white-house-halloween-party:False
scientists-recreate-trex:False
daughter-fertilizes-eggs-with-fathers-sperm:False
police-find-11-bodies-in-clown-freezer:False
clinton-votes-found-in-warehouse:False
muslim-soda-food-stamps:Mixture
blm-gasoline-fire:Mostly False
hillary-clinton-called-trans-pacific-partnership-the-gold-standard:True
child-prostitution-legalized-in-california:Mostly False
cascade-mall-shooter-voted:Mixture
comey-clinton-foundation:Unproven
man-deprived-of-senses:False
zuckerberg-removing-pages:False
isis-leader-supports-hillary:False
televangelist-threatens-civil-war:Mostly False
u-s-embassy-attacks-compared:Mixture
donald-trump-buys-children:False
hillary-clinton-whisper-audio-glitch:Unproven
naacp-black-cops-not-real:Mostly False
george-soros-controls-smartmatic-voting-machines-in-16-states:False
billy-graham-statement-trump:Misattributed
last-words:False
chris-wallace-receives-cease-and-desist:False
nypd-officer-caught-raping-girl:Mostly False
trump-deletes-global-warning-claim:False
canned-pumpkin-isnt-actually-pumpkin:Mixture
watching-horror-movies-obesity:Mixture
texas-man-speaks-about-black-lives-matter:Correct Attribution
police-pop-hoods:Mostly False
fukushima-radiation-causes-100-infant-mortality-among-orca-whales:False
black-lives-matter-protesters-beat-homeless-vet:False
clinton-received-debate-questions-week-before-debate:False
concealed-carry-department-store-shooter:False
disarmament:True
boston-police-officer-kills-black-man-over-marijuana-cigarette:False
dca-cancer-cure:Mostly False
canada-receives-10-million-immigration-applications:False
the-origins-of-policing-in-the-united-states:Mixture
transgender-suicides-after-2016-election:Unproven
obamaphones-to-be-cut-off:False
janet-reno-donald-trump-never:False
ford-motors-funds-black-lives-matter:False
pope-forbids-catholics-from-voting-for-hillary-clinton:False
harambe-15000-votes:False
simpsons-predict-trump:False
police-union-cancels-trump-endorsement:False
donald-trump-born-in-the-philippines:False
massachusetts-run-from-police:Mixture
klan-marches-celebrate-trump-victory:False
stormin39-doorman:False
fatima-noor:Mixture
trump-rally-chant:False
veterans-corpses-found-rotting:Mostly False
julian-assange-drone-strike:Unproven
pat-robertson-boycott-hillary:False
joel-osteen-crucifixion:False
donald-trump-stiffed-his-wedding-caterer:Unproven
hillary-clintons-basement-dwellers:Mostly False
bill-oreilly-and-megan-kelly-are-clinton-operatives:Mostly False
brad-pitt-death-hoax:False
palestinian-terrorists-wife-to-address-clinton-foundation:True
man-loses-testicles-while-trying-to-fill-scuba-tank-with-weed-smoke:False
mom-stabs-baby-video:False
canadian-business-offers-land-to-relocating-americans:Mixture
caucasian-barrel:False
a-secret-of-love:False
does-luxottica-own-80-of-the-eyeglass-industry:Mixture
hillary-clinton-calls-for-americans-to-respect-and-empathize-with-isis:Mixture
jennifer-aniston-delivers-angry-response-to-brangelina-breakup:False
under-the-knife:False
pa-and-oh-voters-white-trash:False
mexico-75-million-border-wall:Mostly False
obama-retirement-age-73:False
hillary-clinton-secret-plane-crash:False
new-federal-gun-law-prevents-open-carry-in-all-50-states:False
coke-adds-life:False
ex-presidents-warn-against-trump:Mixture
consumer-rebate-program:Mostly False
mike-pence-opposes-vice:False
cam-newton-fined-giving-away-footballs:False
woman-has-dead-kitten-removed:False
jeff-foxworthy-slams-hillary-clinton:False
hillary-clinton-started-birther-movement:False
hillary-clinton-dead-and-cloned:False
chelsea-clintons-apartment-is-actually-a-hospital:False
stone-age-tunnels:Mixture
ban-canadians-usa-highways:False
clinton-campaign-overcharging-donors:Unproven
judge-bans-vegetable-gardens:Mostly False
spider-bursts-out-of-overripe-banana:False
gummi-bears-car-wax:Mixture
syrian-refugees-complain-tvs-food:Mostly False
diabetes-vaccine:False
popeyes-chicken-rat-head:Unproven
citizen-pain:False
dolly-parton-trashes-hillary-clinton:Mixture
russia-troops-us-borders:False
north-dakota-pipeline-protest:False
wtc-terrorism-insurance:Mixture
doonesbury-predicted-trump:Mixture
whatsapp-share-with-facebook:False
michigan-farmers-destroy-cherries:Mixture
ted-nugent-kaepernick-chimp:False
pipeline-protest-photo:False
sheep-walking-through-gate:False
baby-gorilla-harambe-mcharambeface:False
alaska-pay-to-stay:Mixture
children-motorcycle-ban:False
blm-euthanize-44000-horses:Mostly False
pumpkin-spice-charmin:False
hillary-clinton-was-responsible-for-the-waco-massacre:False
gary-johnson-automatic-weapons:Mostly False
rivers-of-blood-in-dhaka-bangladesh:True
trump-anti-gay-shunned:Mixture
samsung-smartphones-truck-explodes:False
trump-bragged-tallest-building:Mixture
girls-life-vs-boys-life-magazine-covers:Mixture
facebook-bans-christian-content:False
nfl-fining-players-for-wearing-911-memorial-cleats:Mixture
tear-drop-monument:True
911-adultery:Legend
hurricane-katrina-looters:True
hillary-clinton-told-seventeen-magazine-she-didnt-want-her-daughter-marrying-a-black-man:False
marine-life:Legend
clinton-reported-dead-replaced:False
obama-we-deserved-911:False
an-ode-to-america:Correct Attribution
democratic-party-holding-emergency-meeting-to-discuss-replacing-hillary-clinton:Unproven
1900s-playground-photo:True
donald-trump-haters-and-losers:True
iphone-7-headphone-jack:False
obama-calls-americans-lazy:Mostly False
russian-crewlette:Legend
muscular-cows-genetic-engineering:Mostly True
hillary-clinton-has-parkinsons-disease:False
unthemely-behavior:True
obama-confirms-he-will-refuse-to-leave-office:False
hillary-clinton-secret-earpiece:False
obama-calls-putin-a-jackass:False
michael-savage-removed:Mostly False
donald-trump-iraq-war:False
trump-threatens-to-skip-debates:False
racial-murder-elderly-white-woman:Mixture
clinton-secret-earpiece-debate:False
poppy-sale-ban:False
durex-to-produce-eggplant-flavored-condoms:False
teenage-arizona-couple-moves-out-of-chicago-after-just-one-day-because-of-assault:Unproven
phyllis-schlafly-woman-president-over-my-dead-body:False
spot-two-way-mirror:Mixture
tiny-house-giveaway:False
fireman-suspended-by-atheist-mayor:False
empire-state-building-green-911:False
heroin-od-with-child-in-car:True
taco-hell:Legend
obama-no-911-tributes:False
brock-turners-father-no-punishment:False
florida-governors-wife-has-zika-mosquito-spray-business:Mixture
julian-assange-bernie-sanders-was-threatened:False
bill-murray-run-president:False
shania-jones-cross-eyed-arrest:False
unidentified-flying-object-seen-as-spacex-rocket-exploded:Unproven
kratom-banned-by-the-dea:Mixture
purple-paint-no-trespassing:Mixture
hurricane-hermine-waterspout-nc:False
muslim-woman-demanded-men-leave-salon-so-she-could-get-her-hair-styled:Mixture
chinese-synthetic-cabbages:False
baby-delivered-inside-amniotic-sac:True
krispy-kreme-pirate-day:True
atf-reclassifies-wetted-nitrocellulose:Mixture
hawk-drops-snake-on-bbq:False
tater-taught:Mostly False
disney-color-changing-dress:False
george-soros-bring-down-us:False
mexico-guatemala-border:False
hillary-clinton-used-green-screen-to-make-a-fake-crowd-in-nevada:False
bill-maher-and-michael-moore-snatched-donald-trumps-tax-returns:False
john-kerry-suggests-media-cover-terrorism-less:True
kentucky-snap-recipient-is-abusing-the-system-with-high-balance:Unproven
pokemon-go-developer-niantic-to-develop-harry-potter-go:True
stand-pledge-of-allegiance-congress:Mixture
colin-kaepernick-reportedly-found-dead-in-san-francisco-home:False
praying-mantis-attacking-hummingbird:True
fda-frosted-flakes-are-healthier-than-avocados:Mostly False
joel-osteen-apologizes-for-using-lords-name-in-sermon:False
shark-attack-the-shallows-movie:False
cnn-took-crooked-out-of-trump-tweet-about-clinton:True
food-lion-coupon:False
red-cross-bans-prayer-at-shelters-even-in-churches:False
smile-sun-bird-photo:False
unsold-cars:False
george-soros-trump-will-win-popular-vote-by-a-landslide-but-clinton-victory-a-done-deal:False
australian-military-veteran-beat-up-eight-muslims-for-attacking-his-wife:Unproven
what-if-taxpayers-only-voted-map:False
donald-trump-called-president-obama-a-lying-nr:False
zika-spraying-kills-millions-of-bees:True
wsj-different-trump-headlines:True
kaepernick-wears-castro-t-shirt:True
college-threatened-to-cancel-offensive-america-themed-bbq-event:Unproven
obama-and-trump-use-umbrellas:Mixture
obama-gives-bush-bunny-ears:False
michael-bloomberg-donald-trump:False
charlotte-tells-rioters-anyone-caught-looting-will-lose-welfare-and-food-stamps-permanently:False
marlboro-marijuana-cigarettes:False
mother-teresa-hillary-clinton-abortion:Unproven
wi-to-eliminate-food-assistance:False
clinton-to-drop-out-twitter:False
chimpanzee-rapidly-memorizes-locates-numbers-on-a-screen:Mostly True
president-obama-takes-a-knee-during-national-anthem:False
fisherman-survived-inside-whale-for-three-days:False
idaho-mother-sentenced-for-breastfeeding:False
chemotherapy-doctor-blows-the-whistle:False
texas-maternal-mortality-rate-doubles-after-reproductive-health-restrictions:Unproven
cheez-it-tbhq:Mostly False
mylan-ceo-clinton-foundation:Mostly False
william-kamkwamba:True
colin-kaepernick-converts-to-islam:False
oregon-school-bans-pledge-of-allegiance:False
trump-more-popular-than-fried-chicken:False
marbled-fuark:False
north-dakota-shoot-protesters:False
motorcyclists-protest-burkini-ban:False
neil-degrasse-tyson-girl-on-jupiter:False
peotone-high-school-flag-ban:False
woman-struggles-to-open-can-of-spaghetti-os:False
my-daddys-life-matters-sign:False
lbj-convince-the-lowest-white-man:True
trump-attacks-god-in-tweetstorm:False
woman-gives-birth-to-a-human-goat-hybrid:False
family-photograph-of-melania-barron-and-donald-trump:True
obama-even-terrorists-have-rights:False
kfc-extra-crispy-sunscreen:True
brokeback-mountain-remake:False
step-dad-pulls-funding-daughters-wedding:Unproven
hillary-clinton-security-threat-slide:Mixture
army-memo-announces-martial-law:False
donald-trump-donated-100k-la:Unproven
red-bull-semen:False
tennessee-schoolchildren-islam:False
state-cuts-off-water-to-dakota-access-pipeline-protesters:Mostly False
creflo-dollar-endorses-trump:False
barney-based-on-serial-killer:False
california-government-pays-for-criminals-to-take-vacations:Mixture
bill-and-melinda-gates-free-textbooks:Mixture
limbaugh-obama-sending-lesbian-farmers:True
donald-trump-brain-tumor:False
stranger-things-stephen-king-netflix:False
j-k-rowling-drops-off-forbes-billionaires-list:Mixture
creature-in-portugal-desert:False
dodge-challenger-elephant-skin:Mostly False
miracle-on-ice:True
tanya-mcdowell-sentencing:True
reginald-denny-beating-picture:Mixture
donald-trump-tubman:False
hillary-clinton-nurses:Unproven
rainbow-grilled-cheese-cow-video:False
senomyx-flavor-additive:False
do-scented-candles-cause-cancer:Unproven
mutation-response-vehicle:False
muslims-worship-moon-god:Misattributed
netflix-orange-is-the-new-black-cancelled:False
arabic-tote-bag:True
karolyi-illegal-immigrants:False
olympic-games:False
nadia-comaneci-perfect-timing:True
donald-trump-sentence:True
yoga-cured-back-injury:Unproven
donald-trumps-harvard-rejection-letter:False
stem-cells-from-baby-teeth:Mixture
police-shoot-department-store-mannequin-67-times-after-mistaking-it-for-gunman:False
winking-glue:False
hillary-clinton-right-to-be-believed:True
moon-footprints:False
mike-pence-blames-media-for-trump-controversies:False
grandmother-with-ak-47-saves-cops:False
abc-news-poll-trump-clinton:False
case-intruder-ask-911-pizza:Legend
mike-pence-condoms-are-too-modern-and-liberal:Mostly True
dandridge-drained-pool:Legend
window-strength-death:True
burn-zinc-batteries-fireplace:True
alabama-legislator-angry-that-state-of-georgia-allowed-in-olympics:False
106-dead-in-california-music-festival-bombing:False
donald-trumps-golden-toilet:False
crossbreeding-humans-with-animals-approved-in-the-united-states:Mixture
national-security-officials-disavow-trump:True
trump-blasts-media-for-reporting-things-he-says:False
plane-crash-beach-commercial:False
clinton-secret-folder-debate:Unproven
hiroshima-vs-detroit:False
bruce-springsteen-attacks-donald-trump-on-twitter:False
lester-holt-wore-earpiece:Mostly False
un-demands-slavery-reparations:Mostly False
montreal-bans-pit-bulls:Mostly True
debate-secret-hand-signals:False
trump-pregnancy-inconvenient:True
chelsea-clinton-marijuana:Mixture
rope-a-dope:Legend
metallica-singer-celebrates-a-phd-in-astrophysics:False
person-who-leaked-hillary-clintons-medical-records-found-dead:False
early-morning-explosion-in-dc-allegedly-leaves-yet-another-dnc-staffer-dead:False
obama-enforces-islamic-prayer:False
heather-bresch-attacked-by-bee-swarm-after-raising-epipen-price:False
bernie-sanders-told-supporters-hed-never-tell-them-how-to-vote:Mixture
hillary-clinton-medical-records-leaked:False
weed-dealers-pokemon-go:False
pence-recaptured-after-fleeing-trump-campaign-bus:False
clintons-secret-service-agent-holds-diazepam-pen:Unproven
panda-on-a-plane:False
hillary-clinton-rfk-comment:True
tim-kaine-open-marriage:False
clinton-christians-must-deny-faith:False
snowden-pronounced-dead:False
police-saxophone-machine-gun:False
superman-is-coming-in-supergirl-poster:False
baby-platypus-photograph:False
trump-donates-50k-to-charleston-shooter-family-to-move-him-to-safer-prison:False
trump-drops-out-endorses-clinton:False
don39t-tread-on-me:False
donald-trump-crying-baby:False
southwest-airlines-las-vegas-ticket-giveaway-scam:Scam
do-you-want-to-know-a-cicret:Mixture
narilatha-flower:False
impossible-to-cancel-recurring-trump-donations:Mixture
coffee-mosquitoes-zika:Unproven
hillary-clinton-refused-to-congratulate-american-gold-medalist:Mostly False
trump-laziness-is-a-trait-in-blacks:Mixture
vaping-causes-popcorn-lung:Mixture
hillary-clinton-slipping-on-stairs:Mixture
hillary-clinton-lost-6-billion-at-state-dept:Mostly False
attacking-the-rich:False
chinas-three-squeaks-live-mice-dish:Legend
justin-trudeau-arrest-clowns:False
elevation-church-water-slide:False
the-rolling-stones-rice-krispies-jingle:True
darboy-walmart-abduction-warning:False
dogs-hot-car-police-message:Mixture
denzel-washington-switches-trump:False
pokemon-in-pokemon-go-will-scream-if-within-a-mile-of-a-sex-offender:False
girl-dies-gardasil-hpv-vaccine:False
grave-words:False
the-young-family:False
mars-spectacular:False
casey-anthony-obtains-license-for-home-daycare-business-in-florida:False
trump-polls-drop-out:Mostly False
polish-wwii-chairs:Miscaptioned
un-backs-secret-obama-takeover-of-police:False
florida-officer-mistakes-donut-glaze-for-methampetamines:True
african-union-issues-travel-advisory-for-u-s:False
obama-cuts-military-pay:Mixture
mike-molly-weight-loss:False
deceased-fbi-agent-found-at-trump-tower-with-silenced-pistol:False
clintons-arafat:True
muslim-prayer-curtain-white-house:False
pat-robertson-melania-nude-pics:False
ghazala-khans-hijab-was-a-political-stunt:False
jfk-presidential-salary:True
tom-hanks-backs-donald-trump-for-president:False
obama-hillary-clinton-isnt-qualified:Mixture
customer-liability-for-chipped-card-emv-fraud:False
orca-jumping:True
is-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-anti-vaccine:False
kermit-gosnell-as-surprise-dnc-speaker:False
niger-germany-world-cup:False
trump-leaks-classified-info:False
hillary-clinton-marriage-is-always-between-a-man-and-a-woman:True
uniformed-police-officers-banned-from-the-democratic-national-convention:False
trump-claims-america-should-never-have-given-canada-its-independence:False
celebrity-summoned-to-jury-duty-in-your-town:False
green-party-state-ballots:True
bill-clinton-fined-and-disbarred-over-the-monica-lewinsky-scandal:Mostly True
bill-clinton-said-hillary-suffered-more-than-those-guys-in-benghazi:False
michael-jordan-no-shoes-black-people-unite:False
bernie-sanders-leaves-the-democratic-party:Mostly False
jaden-smith-commits-suicide:False
elijah-cummings-said-democrats-gave-black-people-the-right-to-vote:Mostly False
dnc-hiring-actors-via-craigslist-to-replace-delegates:Unproven
mike-rowe-unleashes-hell-on-hillary:False
jesus-is-not-coming-back-vatican-says:False
kid-rock-dnc-clinton-trump:False
disneys-tower-of-terror-being-replaced-with-guardians-of-the-galaxy:True
joel-osteen-donald-trump:False
budweiser-get-her-drunk:False
bill-clinton-hairgate:False
skateboarder-explodes:False
was-the-white-house-built-by-slaves:Mostly True
samsung-dog-skinning-machine:False
flags-banned-at-dnc:False
ted-cruz-speak-dnc:False
wisconsin-transgender-students-force-to-wear-green-bracelets:Unproven
graham-christian-death-camps:False
hillary-clinton-stole-white-house-furniture:Mostly False
pope-francis-shocks-world-endorses-hillary-clinton-for-president:False
ciceros-view-of-life:False
ted-cruz-on-air-force-one:Mixture
tim-kaine-ties-to-islamists:Unproven
doe-run-lead-plant-shutdown:False
so-you-think-you-know-donald-trump:Mixture
luxury-rv-giveaway-scam:Scam
mysterious-unidentified-flying-object-over-airport-in-turkey:False
waverly-labs-pilot-earpiece-translates-spoken-language:Unproven
france-announces-it-will-use-guillotines-on-terrorists:False
staff-injection:False
republican-and-democratic-interns:Mixture
saul-alinsky-dedicated-rules-for-radicals-to-lucifer:Mostly False
warning-kay-jewelers-free-ring-gift:Unproven
muslim-government-in-the-us:False
obama-to-ban-trucks-after-nice-attack:False
glass-shards-sandwich-officer:Mixture
donald-trump-jr-tweet:True
michelle-obama-plagiarized-stephen-r-covey:False
melania-trump-architecture-degree:Unproven
eric-trump-fake-speech-quote:False
pokemon-global-offensive:False
michelle-obama-copied-her-2008-dnc-speech-from-saul-alinsky:Mostly False
trump-and-children-face-250-million-tax-evasion-charges:Mostly False
hillary-clinton-supporter-stands-on-american-flag:False
11-states-ban-ecigs-in-cars:False
jfk-senate-frontrunner:False
birth-control-steve-bannon:Mixture
us-bans-pokemon-go:False
trump-lincoln-dishonest:False
high-school-bans-flags-from-football-games:Mostly False
mike-pence-condom-ban:False
no-bar-to-success:True
black-lives-matter-protesters-chant-for-dead-cops-now-in-baton-rouge:False
officer-who-shot-alton-sterling-was-at-kkk-rally:False
mike-pence-allowing-rape-victims-to-have-abortions-will-lead-to-women-trying-to-get-raped:False
fresno-terrorist-threat:False
illegal-alien-denied-cops-service-we-dont-serve-pigs:False
boring-mike-pence:False
betty-white-grow-some-balls:False
neil-degrasse-tyson-twitter:False
motorcycle-governors-january-2017:False
obama-black-lives-matter-memorial:False
khizr-khan-is-a-muslim-brotherhood-agent:Unproven
after-school-satan-clubs:Mixture
tim-kaine-blue-star-pin:False
sarah-silverman-killing-jesus:Mixture
ted-cruz-donald-trump-endorsement:False
france-covered-up-bataclan-victims:False
10cc:False
you-had-a-hunch-the-news-system-was-rigged:Mixture
amish-dobergoat-fighting-ring-busted:False
brandenn-bremmer:Mixture
obama-executive-order-military-citizens:False
stacey-dash-donald-trump-outreach:False
bernie-sanders-fdr-and-contested-conventions:Mixture
lebron-james-serena-williams-billionaire-offer:False
pokemon-enthusiast-stabbed-turns-down-medical-treatment-to-keep-playing:True
black-lives-matter-terrorist-russia:False
maggot-infested-weave:False
2012-voter-fraud:False
elijah-wood-twin-brother-photo:False
barack-obama-accomplishments:Mostly True
hillary-clinton-sharia-law:False
three-countries-issue-travel-warnings-about-the-united-states:Mostly True
pokemon-satanist-anti-christian-inverview:False
asteroid-earth-clickbait-study:False
chick-fil-a-just-dropped-a-bomb-on-black-lives-matter:False
richard-sherman-condemns-black-lives-matter:False
australian-police-targeting-pokemon-go-players:False
donald-trump-serena-williams-wimbledon:False
would-you-have-invested:True
burger-king-admits-burgers-contain-horsemeat:False
rochestersilver-lake-park-abduction-warning:False
black-lives-matter-protests-kill-girl-waiting-for-transplant-in-memphis:False
philando-castile-crips-member:Unproven
furious-christie-refuses-to-pick-up-trumps-dry-cleaning:False
pope-francis-donald-trump-endorsement:False
nicolas-cage-death-hoax:False
iranian-negotiator-discusses-nuclear-deal:False
pandora-black-lives-matter-protest:Mixture
ruth-ginsburg-president-resign:False
einstein-bicycle:False
john-cena-death-hoax:False
obama-americans-are-better-off-under-martial-law:False
steven-hildreth-traffic-stop:True
officer-nakia-jones-fired-after-viral-police-brutality-video:Mixture
pride-lions-kills-five-poachers-injures-three-others-zimbabwe:False
obama-commissions-gender-neutral-bible:False
alton-sterling-arrest-record:Mixture
stairway-heaven-fireworks-display:True
deray-mckesson-and-the-summer-of-chaos:False
alton-sterling-photograph-myspace:Unproven
man-stops-to-catch-pikachu:False
purge-in-baton-rouge:Unproven
monsanto-buys-whole-foods:False
cop-shoots-2-year-old-black-baby-after-mistaking-pacifier-for-gun:False
teen-playing-pokemon-go-stabbed:False
kim-rhode-ignored:False
washington-school-district-bans-pork:False
katrina-pierson-shoplifting-unemployment:Mixture
forever-21-swastika-rings:False
third-apple-cofounder:True
sharia-law-texas:False
pacu-testicle-biting-fish:Mostly False
simpsons-pokemon-go-prediction:False
persian-shrug:False
191-years-old-mama-esifiho-may-oldest-woman-alive:Unproven
chris-christie-vetoes-equal-pay:False
roger-ailes-truth-believe:False
obama-to-remove-statue-of-liberty-because-it-offends-muslims:False
fireworks-explodes-woman-shoplifting:False
arab-guy-renouncing-faith-television:False
richard-harrison-pawn-stars-death:True
alton-sterling-killed-trump-supporter-robert-kinnison:False
welcome-mingo-county:False
dwayne-johnson-arresting-for-importing-hgh:False
false-tube-stakes:False
harvard-study-ramen-damage-body:Unproven
taking-kids-to-church-violates-rights:False
muslim-community-donates-87000:False
muslim-tsa-agent-screens-nun:Mostly True
mexican-names-baby-brexit:False
white-house-logo-change:False
hillary-clinton-demanded-this-photo-be-removed:Mixture
last-surviving-wwii-veteran-marches-alone-in-memorial-day-parade:Mixture
trumps-rnc-speech-plagiarized-hitler:False
pokemon-go-fatal-crash-in-knoxville:Mixture
protester-screams-in-cops-face:True
cia-agents-arrested-in-turkey-for-erdogan-assassination-attempt:Unproven
white-house-fence-islamic-symbols:False
massachusetts-banned-semi-automatic-rifles:Mixture
pokemon-go-dog-walking-program:Mostly False
netflix-ceo-donald-trump:True
bitter-almond-tree-banned:False
president-obama-is-giving-1000-per-month-to-food-stamp-recipients:False
un-vehicles-in-southern-states:False
mad-cow-versus-brexit:False
nutz-r-us:True
fireworks-cancelled:False
muslims-rally-around-image-jesus-decapitated-head:False
november-surprise:False
fly-bye:Unproven
lost-soles:False
eu-flag-star-brexit:False
british-refugees-welcome-sign:False
snake-measure:False
mother-arrested-after-tattooing-her-son:False
texas-rapture-schooling:False
trump-library-of-congress:False
letter-from-an-airline-pilot:True
ellen-degeneres-leaving:False
lv-parents-ear-modification:False
motion-san-andreas-fault:Mixture
share-the-safety-nra:False
cheetah-greyhound-audi-ad:False
kiroli-park-warning:Unproven
republican-convention-gun-free-zone:False
amazon-issues-credits-in-e-book-settlement:True
nine-year-old-murders-parents-turn-off-wi-fi-punishment:False
thomas-jefferson-gun-quote:False
causes-of-death-2016:Mixture
make-america-white-again-billboard:True
man-assaulting-woman-device:False
michigan-right-to-farm-act-repealed:False
abortion-ar15-florida:False
finding-dory-transgender-stingray:False
hank-williams-jr-endorses-hillary-clinton:False
donald-trump-called-canadians-snow-mexicans:False
whales-feeding-boat-photo:False
is-marijuana-moving-to-schedule-2:False
worms-supposedly-found-in-little-debbie-oatmeal-pies:Unproven
dhs-quietly-vanloads-border:False
moose-rainbow-flag:False
three-syrian-refugees-assault-5-year-old-girl-at-knifepoint:Mostly False
paul-ryan-confesses-national-tv:False
democrat-white-house-nba:True
california-pastor-praises-orlando-massacre:True
john-mccain-meets-isis-leader:Miscaptioned
google-orlando-pulse-shooting-advance:False
jimmy-carter-woman-president-quote:False
alabama-cps-medical-kidnap:Unproven
kraken-google-earth-sail-rock:False
facebook-amen-ban:False
implant-cheating-spouse-alert:False
islamic-refugee-new-mexico:False
president-obama-assault-weapon-ban:False
laila-alawa-and-the-department-of-homeland-security:Mixture
muslim-woman-sits-national-anthem:Unproven
fresno-and-tulare-serial-killer-warning:Mostly False
worlds-largest-tortoise-gamera:False
justin-trudeau-kiss-thomas-mulcair:False
patience-carter-crisis-actor-orlando:False
stanford-study-proves-election-fraud-through-exit-poll-discrepancies:Mixture
orlando-mass-shooting-math-doesnt-add-up:False
orlando-shooters-father-clinton:Mostly False
uniformed-veteran-deemed-offensive:Mixture
multiple-shooters-orlando-cody-agnew:False
donald-trump-terrorism-tweet:Mixture
pat-robertson-orlando-shooting:False
mom-shaves-daughters-head:Unproven
pablo-reyes-facebook-predictions:False
canada-legalizes-beastiality:Mixture
barney-frank-bernie-sanders:False
google-manipulate-hillary-clinton:False
audi-truck-concept-photo:False
david-perdue-death-prayer-controversy:Mostly True
londons-mayor-bans-sexy-images:Mostly False
mexico-border-trump-elected:False
michelle-obama-daughter-graduation-photo:Miscaptioned
orlando-shooter-was-democrat:Mixture
ralph-macchio-death-hoax:False
kevin-hart-mugged-photo:False
waterworld-waterpark-bans-bikinis-because-muslims-are-offended:Mostly False
warren-disarm-them-ourselves:Unproven
oklahoma-police-erad-civil-forfeitures:Mixture
victoria-woodhull-hillary-clinton:Mixture
uncounted-california-ballots:Mostly True
judge-curiel-la-raza-kkk:False
trump-copies-tweet:False
lion-revenge-trophy-hunter-video:False
pokemon-go-uploads-your-data-to-google-maps:False
disney-pixar-boo:False
justin-trudeau-pardon-marijuana:False
chelsea-clinton-made-900000-working-for-her-parents:False
donald-trump-mike-pence-logo:False
eiffel-tower-terrorist-attack:False
seth-conrad-rich:False
kroger-40-off-coupon-scam:Scam
fatal-crash-spirit-photograph:False
brock-turner-prison-pool:False
rnc-reportedly-adopts-conversion-therapy-as-2016-platform-plank:Unproven
teddy-roosevelt-anger-a-liberal-quote:False
hillary-clinton-blames-racism-for-cincinnati-gorillas-death:False
merrylin-cryptid-museum-creatures:False
swedish-girl-refugee-assault-meme:False
beanie-baby-worth-thousands:False
james-dobson-transgender-fathers-shot:Mixture
whatsapp-gold-scam:False
mysterious-sea-creature-washes-ashore:False
angelina-jolie-death-hoax:False
bob-beckel-julian-assange:Mixture
obama-forces-americans-to-celebrate-gay-sex:Mostly False
are-bees-born-fully-grown:False
gary-sinise-hillary-clinton-twitter:False
jesus-statue-miraculously-opens-eyes:False
sarah-palin-slavery-quote:False
giant-alligator-florida-golf:True
racial-slur-on-huck-finns-receipt:Mostly True
twitter-shutting-down-in-2017:False
police-going-to-pubs-and-banning-england-football-jerseys:False
trump-haters-supporters-flags:False
eight-rainbow-photo:False
obama-apology-hiroshima:False
gay-jesus-film:False
muslim-women-auction-video:False
swedish-police-bracelets:Mixture
white-house-benghazi-response:False
bow-hunting-wild-horses:True
loch-ness-monster-carcass:False
black-rose-village-turkey:False
hillary-clinton-disqualified:Mostly False
pride-parade-fire-hydrant:Miscaptioned
donald-trump-wealthy-great-quote:Mostly True
paris-muslim-siege-false:False
bernie-trump-debate:Mixture
donald-trump-twitter-plant-clinton:False
oprah-endorsed-donald-trump-false:False
hillary-clinton-used-model-from-syphilis-psa:False
eric-trump-hispanics-asian-quote:False
clinton-federal-racketeering-charges:False
rick-warren-changes-name-to-muhammad-hussein-warren:False
cameraman-eaten-alive-sunfish:False
melting-pot-multiculturalism-artwork:False
smoking-in-cars-with-children-illegal:False
monsters-inc-sex-drawing:False
donald-trump-plans-to-declare-war-on-americans:False
nancy-pelosi-endorsed-bernie-sanders:Mostly False
nsa-toilet-cameras-sign:False
president-obama-bans-the-words-negro-and-oriental:Mostly False
melania-trump-vs-michelle-obama:True
leatherback-sea-turtle-mouth:True
one-way-to-stop-road-rage:False
texting-lanes-miami-dade:False
barbara-boxer-gave-bernie-sanders-supporters-the-finger:Mostly False
lamb-of-award-joel-osteen:False
white-teen-girl-identifies-as-indian-chief-demands-tribal-benefits:False
obama-declares-islam-as-americas-religion:False
target-sues-hero-stabbing:Mixture
hillarys-recovered-e-mails-reveal-republican-gun-grab-plan:False
einstein-rejection-letter:False
did-sanders-supporters-throw-chairs-at-nevada-democratic-convention:False
four-horseman-clouds-photo:False
trey-gowdy-admitted-benghazi:Mostly True
target-american-flag-removal:False
patrick-stewart-on-galaxy-quest:True
egypt-air-fire-ball-video:False
donald-trump-racist-meme:False
chi-products-tj-maxx-marshalls:False
sex-roulette:Legend
mr-t-death-hoax:False
obituary-trump-clinton:True
bison-calf-euthanized-yellowstone:True
lightest-darkest-skin-colors:False
ann-coulter-arrested-using-womens-bathroom:False
north-korean-medals-photo:False
target-holy-bible-ban:False
breyers-ice-cream-melt:Mostly False
tony-romo-arrested-in-nc:False
man-choked-girl-bathroom-transgender:Mostly False
facebook-reactions-is-dangerous:Mostly False
27000-people-came-to-a-bernie-sanders-rally-in-california:Mostly True
dryer-sheets-full-of-toxic-chemicals:Mostly False
kendrick-lamar-destroys-zimmerman-gun:False
red-lights-for-anti-gun-solidarity:False
obama-gives-kill-order-for-bald-eagles:Mixture
al-franken-superdelegate-judgement:Mostly False
londons-mayor-threatens-trump:Mostly False
canadian-teen-satellite-maps:Unproven
rat-found-in-dr-pepper-bottle:Unproven
bill-oreilly-lost-custody:Mostly False
transgender-shot-death-restroom:False
clinton-memorial-day-actor:False
misaligned-bridge-photo:False
yosemite-sam-banned:False
michelle-fields-on-social-security:True
photograph-shows-100000-bikers-at-trump-rally:Mostly False
obama-bernie-2016-sign:False
doctor-finds-missing-hamster-wedged-into-700-pound-mom:False
penguin-pebble-proposal:Mostly False
tampon-tax:True
is-facebook-censoring-conservative-news:Unproven
isis-fort-mcmurray-fire:Unproven
states-agreed-to-implement-a-two-pet-maximum-ordinance:False
bernie-sanders-rally-california:Miscaptioned
sarah-palin-arabic-numerals:False
clinton-hard-drive-destruction:Mixture
obama-mothers-day-abortions:False
goldie-hawn-kurt-russell-trump:False
biometric-passports:Mostly True
woman-pileup-jesus-candy:False
trump-to-nuke-mexico:False
hackers-stole-273-passwords:Unproven
female-love-interest-frozen:False
teen-dies-after-60-minute-challenge:False
gingrich-donald-trump-essay:Mixture
student-coma-drinking-challenge:False
republican-impeached-clinton-scandal:Mostly True
newark-woman-arrested-for-assaulting-killing-son-with-toy:False
baby-drop-off-box:True
vietnam-veterans-tropic-thunder:False
kings-island-dangerous-rides:False
target-stock-boycott:Mixture
ted-cruz-blames-god-twitter:False
caitlyn-jenner-sports-illustrated:Unproven
olympic-rings-tattoo-ban:Mixture
cia-crossing-border-cocaine:False
whale-tail-shaka-photo:Unproven
obama-freed-uss-cole-terrorist:Mostly False
obama-flag-pearl-harbor:False
woman-arrested-happy-meal:False
tim-hortons-removes-pork-to-appease-muslims:False
hillary-clinton-freed-child-rapist-laughed-about-it:Mostly False
google-self-driving-bicycle:False
jim-carrey-death-hoax-2016:False
mike-tyson-time-traveler:False
hillary-clinton-embraces-the-woman-card:True
gay-color-ban-indiana-fake:False
prince-vault-billy-joel:False
wax-on-apples-causes-cancer:Mostly False
clinton-netanyahu-satire-video:False
donald-trump-the-snake:Mostly True
sharpie-shock-challenge:Unproven
nike-elephant-shoes-rumor:False
oklahoma-court-rape-ruling:Mostly False
young-harriet-tubman-photograph:False
mississippi-meets-gulf-mexico:Mixture
target-customer-service-transgender-bathroom:False
north-carolina-20-bills-fake:False
kkk-endorses-hillary-clinton:Unproven
italian-doctor-multiple-sclerosis:False
koch-brothers-officially-endorse-hillary-clinton:Mostly False
indiana-primary-rigged:Mostly False
saturn-close-to-earth-meme:False
oxford-alabama-transgender-bathrooms:True
utair-plane-destroyed-fired:Mixture
donald-trump-protester-speaks-out:False
john-madden-death-hoax:False
trump-retweets-photo-of-black-supporters:True
third-grade-trump-hat:Mostly True
tragically-hip-cancels-tour:False
injured-trump-supporter:Miscaptioned
chicks-hatched-without-eggshell:Mixture
nfl-national-anthem-ban:False
california-to-jail-climate-change-skeptics:Mixture
obama-veterans-money-to-syria:False
prince-air-jordan-sneakers:False
target-urinals:False
drivers-license-free-gas:False
643000-bankruptcies-in-the-u-s-every-year-due-to-medical-bills:Mixture
harriet-tubman-gun-republican:False
flying-with-animals:Mostly True
kkk-suicide-harriet-tubman:False
home-depot-cofounder-endorses-donald-trump:Mixture
michael-jordan-hb2-hornets:False
sanders-vs-clinton-delegate-count:Mixture
man-pics-in-womens-bathroom:Mostly False
you-might-be-a-moron:False
every-sperm-is-sacred:False
snowden-bin-laden-alive:False
budweiser-changing-name-america:Mostly True
china-corned-beef-dead-bodies:False
bernie-sanders-glow-sticks:False
prince-quote-politics:False
a-tip-for-education:True
plan-launches-to-make-obama-addition-to-mount-rushmore:False
man-commits-over-harriet-tubman:False
uk-issues-lgbt-travel-warning-for-united-states:True
harriet-tubman-quote:False
moose-pool-car-fire-photo:False
orchestra-whale-video-fake:False
jared-fogle-released-due-to-overcrowding:False
paul-teutul-death-hoax:False
kelloggs-peanut-flour-allergies:Mixture
disney-tower-terror-frozen:False
nasa-lithium-chemtrails-conspiracy:False
red-haired-teen-sues-his-parents:False
fistulated-cow-video:Miscaptioned
sanders-voter-suppression-ny:Mostly False
farm-below-mountain:False
transgender-bathroom-arrest:False
welcome-australia-sign-fake:False
man-deletes-company-code:False
dr-pepper-discontinued:False
jcs-chairman-resignation-speech:False
the-modular-body-videos:False
orphan-chalk-outline:Miscaptioned
human-gorilla-hybrid:False
condor-killed-in-america-photo:Miscaptioned
ucla-students-rally-behind-isis:False
lithium-mine-oil-sands:Mostly False
eyeball-tattoos:True
as-the-world-berned-picture:Miscaptioned
netflix-disney-collection:Mostly False
scientists-kale-marijuana-hybrid:False
nc-bathroom-bill-opposition-leader-a-sex-offender:Mixture
obese-tiger-photo:False
transgender-filming-women-restroom:Mostly False
cocktails-came-out-of-prohibition:Mixture
texas-voter-id-meme:False
paul-mccartney-adopt-shirt:False
anonymous-masks-illegal:False
ben-carson-remember-president:False
car-headrests-emergency-escape:Mixture
arabic-on-canadian-police-cars:Mixture
space-shuttle-tilt-shift-photo:Mixture
obama-teach-quran-for-extra-credit:False
un-troops-americans-guns:False
tiger-with-down-syndrome:Mixture
new-york-state-gun-travel-ban:False
goldman-sachs-arrested-fbi:False
bernie-sanders-won-nevada:Mixture
trump-sue-wisconsin:False
bruce-springsteen-bathroom-law:True
mebane-travel-center-ladies-room-urinals:False
prescott-college-mandatory-immigrant-fee:Mixture
mississippi-bill-churches-lethal:Mostly False
facebooks-hidden-inbox:True
ted-cruz-opposed-self-pleasuring:Mostly False
chick-fil-a-meal-promo:Mostly False
photo-venezuela-new-york-hurricane:False
abortionist-strangled-baby-born-alive:Mixture
false-ted-cruz-married-cousin:False
snowboarder-girl-chased-by-bear:False
sajid-muhammed-anti-muslim-meme:False
mother-admits-to-affair-pregnancy-by-15-year-old-son:False
false-merle-haggard-estate-lgbt:False
boyfriend-murdered-after-april-fools-prank-proposal:False
john-kasich-teachers-lounges:Mixture
736-pound-catfish:False
donald-trumps-hollywood-star:False
socrates-debate-lost-slander-loser:False
mother-sues-tampon-company:False
bernie-sanders-plans-to-tax-churches:False
hillary-clinton-arrested-fbi-hoax:False
zoo-employee-alligator:False
woman-forces-genitals-eat:False
seven-dead-by-isis:False
schools-prayer-rugs-muslims:False
hillary-clinton-suppressed-haitis-minimum-wage:Mixture
horse-markings-wolf:False
veal-crates:False
disney-bans-tattoos:False
amy-winehouse-angelina-jordan:False
frank-bruni-college-admissions:False
fbi-spills-water-iphone:False
101-year-old-mom-gives-birth:False
student-debt-cap-protest-photo:False
muslims-open-fire-hikers:False
bernie-sanders-flies-coach:Mixture
volleyball-blocks:False
harley-davidson-1914-photo:False
protesters-break-horses-leg:False
loreal-beagle-testing:Mixture
facebook-bernie-blackout:False
bernie-sanders-audi-8:False
andromeda-galaxy-moon-photo:False
size-of-indianapolis-speedway:Mostly True
americans-immune-zika-virus:False
william-golding-on-women:True
lead-in-flint-bottled-water:False
woman-stroke-beauty-salon:True
milk-bone-facebook-warning:False
helen-purcell-clinton-connection:False
ronald-reagan-golfing-1983-beirut-attack:False
quiktrip-safe-place:Mixture
fda-classified-walnuts-drugs:False
emory-students-trump-graffiti:Mostly False
good-friday-etymology:False
cadbury-banned-easter:False
cuban-refugees-clinging-to-air-force-one:False
white-strawberries-taste-pineapples:True
trump-canadian-wall:False
family-drowns-in-carwash:False
american-three-terrorist-attacks:Mixture
fda-outlaws-cbd-oils:False
common-core-ed-trice-999:Unproven
moa-troodon-claw-photo:False
false-obama-che-guevara-t-shirt:False
opossums-kill-ticks-inhibit-the-spread-of-lyme-disease:Mostly True
walmart-gelatin-water-video:False
nate-predicted-sanders-nomination:Unproven
autism-is-now-disclosed-as-dtap-side-effect:False
isis-hunting-tag-zinke:Unproven
heidi-cruz-call-girl:False
step-brothers-2-hoax:False
brussels-attack-video-fake:False
pantene-hair-products-causing-highlight-foils-to-catch-fire:False
trump-protest-sign-children:Unproven
hillary-clinton-disbarred:False
navajo-reservation-letter-obama:False
alien-mummy-baffles-scientists:False
purple-ladybugs:False
supreme-court-flip-flop:True
pilot-cockpit-selfie:False
jim-morrison-found-alive:False
alabama-food-stamps-car:False
bumble-bee-tuna-recall-human:False
hillary-clinton-benghazi-msnbc:Mostly False
andrew-lincoln-andes-flight:False
floyd-mayweather-muslim-headwear:False
government-buries-weather-modification-news:Mostly False
uber-shooter-lawsuit-damages:False
keith-richards-knife-donald-trump:Mixture
harrison-ford-holding-a-trump-sign:False
weather-channel-celsius:False
pimms-logo-big-ben-joke:False
donald-trump-campaign-joke:False
kroger-unisex-bathroom-sign:True
trader-joes-april-fools-day:False
breastfeeding-size-ban:False
ron-howard-moon-hoax:False
donald-trump-ex-wives-abortions:False
kohls-bankrupt-closing-818-stores:False
bernie-sanders-responds-to-critical-trump-tweet:False
nylabone-seizure-rumor:Unproven
unesco-india-national-anthem:False
taco-cabana-sign-donald-trump-prank:False
donald-trump-protester-isis-video:False
black-trump-supporter-shot:False
church-scientology-tax-exempt:False
meg-white-drummer-rush:False
zantac-causes-false-positive-for-meth:Mixture
secret-service-limo-video:False
code-for-pedophiles-on-toys:Mostly False
adele-death-hoax-rumors:False
candy-crush-murder-false:False
donald-trump-kent-state:Mostly True
bernie-sanders-chicago-ballot:False
metallica-james-hatfield-country:False
ronald-reagan-taliban-photo:False
fake-wendys-chili-rumor:False
the-notebook-2-hoax:False
nancy-reagan-on-gay-pride:Unproven
surfer-towed-by-shark:False
make-america-white-again-trump:False
chicken-nugget-murder-recall:False
confessions-of-a-republican:True
photo-obama-nazi-salute:False
obama-flags-houston-reagan:False
bernie-sanders-chemtrail-reform:False
bernie-sanders-institutional-racism:Mixture
bowdoin-mini-sombrero-controversy:Mostly False
obama-nancy-reagans-funeral:Mostly False
collin-county-serial-kidnapping:False
donald-trump-casting-call:Mixture
germany-bans-pork-under-sharia-law:Mostly False
martin-shkreli-shot-dead:False
fairfax-county-racism-posting:True
motorcycle-curfew-in-11-states:False
cruz-castro-fake-photo:False
donald-trump-nazi-salute:Mostly False
fetuses-found-in-chinese-restaurant-freezers:False
celebrity-moving-small-towns:False
marine-axed-trump-rally:Mostly True
false-baby-dragon-photo:False
o-j-simpson-case-knife-claim:Mixture
make-germany-great-again:Mixture
sanders-civil-rights-photos:True
dubai-water-slide-photo:False
copperhead-snake-angler-warning:False
clinton-campaign-laws-massachusetts:Mixture
trump-tweets-photo-genitals:False
cuban-on-trump:True
cell-phone-pistol-alert:Mostly False
bristol-palin-black-people:False
emoji-charges-cell-phone:Mostly False
hand-size-trump-debate:Mixture
never-throw-boarding-pass:Mixture
clinton-byrd-photo-klan:True
coca-cola-kkk-trump:False
false-new-york-heroin:False
first-they-ignore-you:Misattributed
trump-donahue-atheist-1989:False
trump-rename-new-mexico:False
rob-zombie-academy-awards:False
donald-trump-new-yorker:Misattributed
steph-curry-nike-bible:Unproven
clinton-takes-village-quote:False
postman-fathered-1300-children:False
bean-climber-video-chicago:False
hillary-clinton-armani-jacket:Mixture
sonia-sotomayor-speech-donald-trump:Mixture
fema-drill-disrupting-california-primary:Mostly False
dick-smith-halal-email:False
spy-cameras-in-hotel-room-hooks:Mostly False
sea-lice-florida-beach:Mostly True
1970-quarter-ebay-canada:Mixture
carbon-monoxide-spike-earthquake:Mostly False
amanda-in-longview-trafficking-claim:Unproven
trump-supporters-pro-slavery:Mixture
obama-non-citizens-vote:Mostly False
donald-trump-kkk-supporters:Mixture
mrs-doubtfire-remake-hill:False
nancy-reagan-hillary-clinton:False
sandra-day-oconnor-quote:False
high-diving-giraffe-video-false:False
truth-carl-sagan-quote:Misattributed
bacca-brides-on-tour:Mixture
photograph-incontinent-hillary-clinton:False
kasich-women-and-kitchens:Mixture
donald-trump-iphone-tweet:Mostly False
fennec-hare:False
republican-party-hate-group:False
marco-rubio-on-zika-and-abortion:False
california-motor-voter-act:Mixture
daniel-lara-mugged-vans:False
trump-tower-chicago-no:False
obama-executive-order-hussain:False
nazi-sub-found-in-great-lakes:False
sharpie-anniversary-giveaway-scam:False
temptations-cat-treats-facebook-warning:Unproven
papa-johns-ceo-quote:False
ted-cruz-constitution-bible:False
bill-maher-smokes-joint:Mixture
wine-makes-you-skinny:Mostly False
cradle-of-clouds-photo:False
sanders-english-only-huerta:False
woman-record-14-kids:False
wood-in-cheese:Mostly False
apple-letter-san-bernardino:True
article-iii-section-iv:False
bernie-sanders-forever-stamps:False
donald-trump-bashes-jesus:False
two-droplets:Unproven
zika-microcephaly-outbreak-pesticide:Unproven
big-ang-of-mob-wives-died:True
80-percent-atlanta-gay:False
student-loan-arrest:Mixture
django-unchained-death-real:False
trump-taunts-bush-twitter:Mixture
photograph-rhino-saves-zebra:Mixture
hillary-clinton-uranium-russia-deal:False
marine-attack-blm-claim:Mixture
maggots-bertolli-sauce:Unproven
photograph-clinton-bush-wallace:True
kim-kardashian-dog-fur-coat:False
fruits-irrigated-fracking-wastewater:Mixture
food-stamp-hunger-tests:False
bernie-sanders-dodged-draft:False
will-smith-buys-bet:False
cruz-skeptical-scalia-death:False
canada-banned-beyonce:False
russia-exosuit-syria-photo:False
putin-obama-idiot-socialist:False
mark-cuban-millennials-quote:False
balls-book-for-parents:Mixture
joe-biden-constitutional-rights:False
cruz-beyonce-deport-tweet:False
apples-blast-from-the-past:False
abraham-lincoln-didnt-quit:Mixture
blue-lives-matter-facebook:True
elon-musk-illegal-immigrant:Unproven
solar-panels-drain-sun:False
can-unlock-car-door-tennis-ball:False
megadeth-bernie-sanders:False
bernie-sanders-ss-tattoo:False
handicap-parking-brazil-prank-video:Mixture
refugee-invaders-meme:Mostly False
whataburger-dollar-burger-day:False
stephanie-cegielski-letter-trump:Mixture
kehlani-found-dead:False
chobani-ceo-importing-300-muslim-refugees-per-month:Mostly False
alaska-hawaii-washington-voters:False
beetlejuice-2-coming-soon:False
sanders-campaign-busing-youths-to-caucuses-and-primaries:Mostly False
aborted-fetuses-dumpster-michigan:Miscaptioned
satanic-dungeon-chuck-e-cheese:False
hillary-clinton-sat-monsanto-board:False
coca-cola-lice-remedy:Unproven
gabourey-sidibe-death-hoax:False
ted-cruz-business-rights:False
febreze-contains-peanut-oil:Mixture
mother-teresa-age-18:False
siberian-tigers-washington-cascades:False
cam-newton-arrested:False
man-dies-while-attached:Unproven
article-1-section-8-clause-17:False
phone-cases-acid-burns:Mixture
christian-first-american-second:True
six-year-old-happy-meal-doesnt-rot:Mostly False
iceland-debt-forgiveness:False
colorado-students-sharia-law:Mostly False
nordstrom-card-survey-scam:Scam
sweden-sign-distracted-walkers:Mixture
obama-admiral-stop-bibles:False
couple-meth-homeless-man:False
mexico-voter-id:True
trump-nominated-nobel-prize:Mixture
iowa-caucus-coin-toss:Mixture
sanders-dethrone-god-tweet:False
whisky-vending-machine:Mixture
blacks-dorm-uconn:False
el-chapo-escapes-again:False
roosh-v-43-countries:Mixture
trump-palin-endorsement:False
sanders-interns-minimum-wage:Mixture
germany-distributes-leaflets-discouraging-rape-cologne-incident:Mostly False
wegmans-facebook-coupon-scam:False
cruz-no-gays-america:False
bernie-sanders-loser-meme:Mixture
bill-murray-dog-quote:False
steven-avery-unresponsive:False
facebook-firearms-gun-sales-policy:True
trump-plans-reverse-marriage-equality-elected-president:Mixture
fake-teletubby-lake-photo:False
trump-donations-veterans:Mixture
hooters-valentines-day-special:True
eritrea-multiple-wives:False
fred-trump-mao-zedong:False
islam-banned-u-s-1952:False
texas-residents-forced-to-pay-slavery-reparations:False
forever-stamps-slower-mail:False
el-paso-gun-battle:Miscaptioned
viral-molten-copper-big-mac:Mostly False
false-ted-cruz-tritone:False
hillary-clinton-iraq-vote-bribe:False
fda-banning-e-juice:False
charles-manson-endorses-trump:False
zika-virus-gmo-mosquitoes:Unproven
pediatricians-association-admits-hpv-vaccine-cancer-link:False
bernie-sanders-truck-ban:Mixture
vermin-supreme:Mixture
flint-water-crisis-cps:False
false-donald-trump-ban-canada:False
pierson-obama-half-breed:Mixture
knock-slash-car-warning:False
students-praise-allah-common-core:False
cosplay-illegal-five-states:False
trump-armbands:Mostly False
donald-trump-bernie-sanders-gas-chamber:Mostly False
lifetime-passes-kfc-mcdonalds:False
nagapushpa-flower-himalaya:False
amy-winehouse-del-rey:False
george-zimmerman-found-dead:False
pretty-woman-sequel-hoax:False
baby-elephant-poacher:Miscaptioned
sanders-mlk-selma-march:False
muppet-animal-death-hoax:False
girl-scout-cookies-planned-parenthood:False
donald-trump-fifth-avenue-comment:True
obama-allows-satanic-ceremony:Mostly False
mcdonalds-parasitic-worm-outbreak:False
college-grads-judge-judy:Mostly False
moon-on-radio-telescope:False
irs-scam-season:Scam
game-show-question-photo:False
the-texas-giants-photo:Mixture
goldwater-girl:Mixture
keith-richards-dead-satire:False
snowfall-in-saudi-arabia:Miscaptioned
lincoln-meets-poe:False
donald-trump-nigeria-quote:False
powerball-winner-overdose:False
john-and-lisa-hoax:False
gas-cheaper-president-obama:Mixture
scarface-remake-leonardo-dicaprio:False
pat-robertson-david-bowie:False
arnold-schwarzeneggers-nyc-photo:Miscaptioned
soldiers-remains-dumped-landfill:Mixture
hillary-clinton-blackface-photo:False
hillary-clinton-goldman-sachs:False
animal-testing-cosmetics-photo:Miscaptioned
down-to-lunch-trafficking:False
guyfi-nyc-public-booths:Mostly False
worlds-cutest-rodent:Mixture
red-fox-soulmate-video:False
microwave-ear-of-corn-popcorn:Mostly False
pile-bison-bones-photo:True
liselotte-hubner-donald-trump:Unproven
botched-medical-cannabis-trial-in-france:Mostly False
birdwatcher-oregon-militia:False
ted-cruz-mass-shootings:False
donald-trump-puerto-ricans:False
alan-rickman-potter-meme:False
powerball-lottery-winners-identity:False
jared-price-powerball-winner:False
perry-ramsey-conspiracy-theory:False
obama-sotu-shutter-shades:Mixture
kim-davis-gay-couples:False
sean-penn-death-hoax:False
pentagon-spends-powerball-tickets:False
pig-cage-photo:Mixture
mark-cole-controversy:Mixture
ashley-olsen-not-dead:False
powerball-lottery-not-cancelled:False
noonan-on-trump:Misattributed
david-bowie-lemmy-photo:False
donald-trump-military-training-quote:Mostly True
gun-homicides-disputes:Unproven
booty-tickler-arrest-fake:False
fabian-suarez-wastehistime-murder:False
frozen-spider-web-sculpture:Miscaptioned
baby-great-white-photo:False
hitler-control-quote:False
george-washington-gun-quote:False
obama-crying-like-a-psychopath-meme:False
abandoned-submarine-photo:False
what-does-koko-know-about-climate-change-nothing:False
donald-trump-browser-filter:True
michelle-bachmann-solar-power-quote:False
powerball-wealth-sharing-meme:False
false-hippopotamus-milk-pink:False
transgender-arrested-target-photos:False
rape-billboard-finland:False
woman-quits-winning-lottery:False
felons-voting-rights-virginia:Mostly True
false-mormon-church-kleenex:False
cher-plant-marriage-plans:False
eric-holder-participated-in-armed-siege-of-rotc-office:Mostly False
doctor-saves-baby-karma:True
prince-haywood-nelson-brothers:False
doctors-hpv-vaccine-gardasil:Mostly False
bill-cosby-suicide-hoax:False
alien-cellphone-found:False
fake-clint-eastwood-quote:False
900-pound-man-x-ray:Miscaptioned
bill-cosbys-star-removed:False
country-origin-meat-labeling-meme:Mixture
nasa-reports-magnetosphere-collapse:False
flood-road-shark-attack-photo:False
ammon-bundy-rosa-parks:False
officers-killed-250-people:False
landmarks-purple-prince-photos:Mixture
vodka-butt-shots-riot:False
obama-pardon-cosby:False
obama-gun-laws-crime:False
connecticut-gun-confiscation:Mostly False
coin-car-handle-warning:False
chevy-chase-death-hoax:False
wendys-frosty-key-tag:Mixture
iphone-7-headphone-jack-controversy:Mixture
fake-whale-surfer-photo:False
muslims-propane-home-depot:False
obama-begun-confiscating-guns-force:False
facebook-cold-stone-pregnancy-discount:Mostly False
ted-yoho-votes:False
mcdonalds-getting-rid-dollar-menu:Mostly False
samuel-l-jackson-shooter-crazy-white-dude:Mostly True
burned-dog-facebook-photo:Miscaptioned
jc-penney-fairview-heights-flag-controversy:Mixture
lindsey-graham-statement-presidential-race-fake:False
deleted-tamir-rice-photo:False
hillary-clinton-stupid-quote:False
teen-hector-cruz-contracts-herpes-condom-challenge:False
fake-donald-trump-drops-out:False
obama-black-panther-photo:False
female-killer-las-vegas-shouted-allahu-akbar:False
false-miss-colombia-suicide:False
photograph-cliff-hanger-isnt-quite-seems:Mixture
syrian-refugees-disease:False
donald-trump-fake-tweet:False
false-star-wars-fan-beaten-sharing-spoilers:False
piglet-disney-muslim-demand:False
science-reveals-toughest-splits-bowling:False
bernie-sanders-campaign-data-breach-controversy:Mixture
donald-trumps-son-game-hunting-photos:True
arapahoe-school-shooting-stopped-armed-sro:Mixture
burger-king-sharia-law:Mostly False
false-ikea-selling-a-swastika-table:False
muslims-declare-december-24th-islamic-holiday:False
mixture-obama-195-million-muslim-holiday:Mixture
darkest-baby-world:False
county-sheriff-urges-arming:True
obama-gives-san-bernardino-terrorists-islamic-funeral:False
marines-letter-michelle-obama:Mixture
mixture-bill-nye-booed-waco:Mixture
costco-lying-about-cage-free-eggs:Mostly False
target-transgender-bathroom-policy:Mixture
photograph-christians-burned-muslims:Miscaptioned
sergeant-gregory-hayes:False
votes-switched-sanders-clinton:False
colin-powell-supreme-court-quote:Misattributed
gay-lions-mating:Miscaptioned
ferrero-rocher-chocolates-maggots-video:Mixture
volcano-carbon-emissions:False
cookie-dough-explodes-shoplifting-incident:False
hipaa-medical-hack-insurance-claim-denials:Mixture
chemtrails-switch-photo:False
south-africa-hiv-tattoo:False
vintage-daisy-gun-ad:True
letter-death-row-inmate:Unproven
pope-francis-shares-instagram-selfie:False
muslim-woman-sworn-new-york-city-civil-judge:True
isis-fatwa-kill-puppies:False
ps-169-pledge-allegiance-holiday-ban-controversy:Mostly False
north-carolina-town-rejects-solar-panels:Mixture
missouri-propane-tank-bomb-warning:False
should-we-drug-test-welfare-recipients:Unproven
judge-arrest-the-president-congress:False
charlie-brown-christmas-christian-content-warnings:False
crosseyed-man-strangles-girlfriend:False
rachel-hoffman:True
lebanon-mo-walmart-cell-phone-rumor:Mostly False
adele-white-privilege-petition:Unproven
obama-iq-test:False
el-chapo-threatens-isis:False
tashfeen-malik-face-photo:False
angry-atheists-ban-bible:Mixture
prophet-mohammed-london-buses:Mixture
paul-lepage-homeless-quote:False
jimmy-carter-banned-iranian-immigrants:Mixture
safyre-terry-christmas-card:True
legal-drinking-age-raised:False
donald-trump-adolf-hitler-fake-news:False
jimmy-carters-cancer-cured-marijuana:False
will-quoting-the-bible-be-made-illegal:False
donald-trump-disqualified-president:False
oprah-winfrey-pregnant-61:False
donald-trump-grandfather-prostitution:Mostly False
obama-fines-abc-charlie-brown-christmas:False
102-lb-shrimp:False
michelle-obama-white-folks-quote:False
black-friday-lady-steals-kid:Unproven
fart-burns-67-calories:False
dearborn-michigan-pro-isis-rally:Miscaptioned
mass-shootings-obama:False
hairband-condoms-fake-news:False
epa-seeks-ban-racecar-conversions:Mostly False
levis-logo:False
guacamole-means-testicle-sauce:Mostly False
company-anniversary-free-product-scam:Scam
woman-versus-fish:Mixture
mcdonalds-homeless-policy:False
lancashire-muslim-prayer-room-riot:Mostly False
remove-flag-muslims-offended:Mostly False
captain-america-deemed-offensive:Mostly False
anne-frank-refugee:True
tidy-cats-breathing-problems:Unproven
fareed-zakaria-jihad:False
missing-child-rosemary-gullett:Outdated
child-support-card-delaware:False
ufo-portal-cern:False
sperm-switch-invention-market:Mixture
great-lakes-crossing-human-trafficking-rumor:False
all-female-senate-snowstorm:Mostly True
invisible-art:False
frozen-wave-photos:True
illegal-sell-homes-flint:False
dick-morris-hillary-clinton:Mixture
pepsi-south-bend-firing-incident-controversy:Unproven
bill-clinton-told-tony-blair-ham:False
saudi-billionaire-buford-wyoming:False
net-worth-1m-servicemen:Mostly False
red-cross-nurse-normandy-beach:Miscaptioned
donald-trump-vp-arpaio:False
rumblr:False
jennifer-aniston-homeless-story:False
fiercefemtivist-nurse-racist-parents:Unproven
female-bodybuilders:False
donald-trump-primary-ballots:False
ophiuchus-zodiac-change:False
wartnaby-hope-farms-refugees:Mixture
transgender-pronouns-fine-nyc:Mixture
gas-station-shuns-serviceman:Mostly False
new-hoverboard-law:Mostly True
organ-donors-still-alive-not-anesthetized:Unproven
charlie-brown-racist-franklin:False
left-handed-disability-act:False
asteroid-christmas-eve:False
tsarnaev-refugees:Mixture
muslims-in-japan:False
secret-sisters-gift-exchange:False
anonymous-opkkk:Mixture
spirit-airlines-military:Unproven
little-timmy-facebook-flag:False
ben-carson-welfare-meme:Mixture
hail-satan-in-n-out-cup:False
william-shatner-halloween-mask:True
cdc-admits-98-million-got-cancer-polio-vaccine:Mixture
donald-trump-africans-lazy-stealing:False
nasa-deforestation-images:False
41-lb-rat-photo:False
campbells-customer-service-facebook:False
new-york-easter-cross-light-display:True
superman-1950-poster-diversity:True
keanu-reeves-tragedy-quote:Misattributed
denmark-social-memes:Mixture
1998-trump-people-quote:False
hoa-lawn-flag:Miscaptioned
harvard-flaw-review:False
garlic-from-china:Mostly False
kennesaw-gun-law:Mostly False
mushroom-orgasm-fungus:Unproven
russian-laboratory-black-skin:False
teenagers-sewing-mouths-shut-scary-new-trend:False
donald-trump-hat-china:False
facebook-military-emblems:False
obama-military-christmas-ban:False
fappy-arrested-seaworld:False
margaret-sanger-kkk:Miscaptioned
obama-al-sharpton-taxes:Unproven
oreo-moving-mexico:Mixture
trump-maralago-flagpole:Mostly True
nightmare-christmas-happy-meal:False
oxford-junior-dictionary-words:True
jay-z-dna-son-hakeem:False
dontray-mills:Mixture
school-art-project-candlelight:Unproven
greek-customs-weapons-refugees-furniture:False
million-man-march-will-smith:Mixture
black-dot-campaign:Mixture
president-obama-69-alaska:False
avril-lavigne-dead-conspiracy-theory:False
joe-biden-germany-pearl-harbor:False
arnold-schwarzenegger-dead:False
chris-christie-teacher-minimum-wage:False
meijer-coupon-scam:Scam
cannabis-kills-cancer-study:False
super-lice:Mixture
hawaii-official-no-obama-birth-certificate:False
wind-idiot-power:Mixture
yolanda-saldivar-dead:False
trump-flies-sick-boy:True
powmia-racist:Mixture
naacp-wants-stone-mountain-sandblasted:Mixture
animas-river-spill:True
meek-mill-is-kings-son:False
hocus-pocus-2:False
john-kerry-iranian-son-law:False
great-pacific-garbage-patch:Miscaptioned
after-birth-abortion:Mostly False
belakwa-ny-abandoned:False
muslim-bikini:False
ufo-photo-memphis-angola:False
cow-eyeballs-in-dui:False
24-cans-of-red-bull:Miscaptioned
obama-changes-oath-of-allegiance:Mostly False
scott-walker-labor-day:False
nazi-minions:False
facebook-usmc-ban:False
alabama-walmart-pig:False
tea-party-confederate-flag-ban:False
minkus-became-chanel-west-coast:False
china-chicken-reshipped:Mixture
pp-baby-parts-sale:Mixture
mcdonalds-gerber-baby-food:False
niv-removed-bible-verses:Mixture
goes-around-litigates-around:False
wounded-female-veterans:Miscaptioned
obama-cameron-kiss:False
woman-arrested-sausage-walmart:False
johny-bravo-the-rock-powerpuff-girls:False
cell-phone-numbers-given-telemarketers:False
measles-deaths-vaccine:False
crow-rides-eagle:True
pizza-vending-machine:Mixture
gun-confiscation-in-boston:False
instant-noodles-wax:False
channel-1:False
canadian-flag-origins:False
fur-the-queen:False
race-kors:False
57-varieties-of-truth:Legend
jennifer-aniston-iwo-jima:False
doctor-know:False
obama-bans-confederate-flag:False
baby-carrots:Mostly False
pop-rocks-soda:False
clinton-gore-92-confederate:Unproven
department-store-sex-trafficking:Unproven
xylitol-danger:True
gold-member:False
samsung-microchip:False
ducking-the-question:False
michigan-votes-sharia-law:False
floating-city-china:False
female-physician-munich:Unproven
jimmies-etymology:Unproven
72-hour-challenge:False
betty-white-in-her-20s-photo:Miscaptioned
